# COLD EMAIL COPYWRITING & OUTREACH Full Course 2026
# Expert: Nick Saraev
# URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSTGNHGFOAo

Hey, this is the definitive guide to copywriting for outbound. I've been doing outbound sales basically my entire professional life since I was 20 up until now, so about a decade. I've also generated over $15 million in outbound sales for myself and my clients and I currently run a business that does $4 million per year in profit. So, I say cold email in the title, but I want you to know that what you're going to learn here applies to all sorts of outbound communicate, whether it's cold email, whether it's Instagram, whether it's LinkedIn DMs, whether it's even like SMSs and stuff like that. So, successful outbound, in my humble opinion, essentially boils down to can you convince a stranger who has never talked to you before and has no pre-established sense of trust with you to buy something. And that's a very different from most traditional sorts of copywriting because most copywriting involves some form of opt-in where, you know, a person has signed up to your newsletter or has filled out a form and there's just some sort of like actual established basis for the conversation. A lot of people don't get that with outbound, which is why I think so many people have issues. What I'm going to do in this course is to dispel that for you completely and give you guys some very simple quantifiable roadmaps to to get to that level of trust without raising any alarm bells or making them think you're out to hurt them or something selling a product. So, this course is going to give you the 80/20 whether you have any pre-existing experience with the stuff or you are approaching it as a complete and utter novice, okay? No fluff, here's what you guys are going to learn. So, I'm going to start with the psychology of saying yes to a message from a stranger. Now, this, as I mentioned at the beginning, is quite hard. And so, we're going to spend, I don't know, probably 20-30 minutes on this just to get you guys to the point where you understand how to get people to actually want to like open your message to begin with. After that, we'll chat the three components of a successful piece of outbound, whether it's an email, an SMS, LinkedIn DM or something else. Then I'll cover my personal copywriting framework, which has generated me and clients over $15 million. And I'm not going to say my copywriting framework is like the best on Earth. I think there might actually be be better ones, but it's worked really well for me and over 2,000 people that I teach how to do this and inside of my community. Then I'll chat offers, which is how do you construct something that sounds good, but it's not like too good to be true. It's not so amazing, which I think a lot of people typically put together and and put on a platter for their customers or prospects that like it sounds like BS. Once I'm done with that, I'm going to get to basically like the meat and potatoes of this course, which is going to be me roasting and then rewriting 10 pieces of outbound live in front of you. So, I'm actually going to go through like my email inboxes, my DMs, and stuff like that and show you guys how people send outbound, the things that are wrong with that send, and I'm actually going to rewrite them for you in real time. Then, I'll show you guys how to do all of this on specific platforms. So, how to optimize for email, how to optimize for LinkedIn, how to optimize for X, how to optimize for Instagram, and then finally how to optimize for iMessage. Then, we'll chat subject lines, follow-ups, iteration, which is very important and not usually discussed, before doing a module all about AI, because obviously AI is the hot topic right now and I want to show you guys how you guys can leverage a lot of the advancements there to write your campaigns better. And then finally at the very end, okay, I'll talk advanced outbound techniques, which I'm sort of putting under this term gray hat, which basically means because of differing like outbound laws in different areas around the world, you know, treat everything I'm going to teach you in that section with a grain of salt. Okay, so you guys are going to learn everything about outbound copywriting as discussed. If you do me a solid, like, subscribe, and then bookmark the video. I have chapter headings and stuff, so you guys can jump around as necessary, and let's get into the course. The first and most important thing I want to talk about is that copywriting is not magic. Everything that I'm about to show you has actually been documented in psychological literature for the better part of several hundred years. If you think about it, human beings are like the OG research subjects, you know, like we were experimenting on our own minds and our own behaviors since basically human beings became a thing. So, what's really cool is you can actually go out right now and you can learn everything that I'm about to show you. You can verify that there had been, you know, experiments and and and and tests that have been done on different groups of people um just by looking it up on a resource like arXiv. Now, I'm not saying you have to read a million research papers in order to get to the same level of knowledge. I'm going to distill it all for you. But, I just want you guys to know that like this is not stuff that, you know, people just like pulled out of their asses. This is like real quantified research on how human beings make decisions. And the reason I find this so interesting is because I went to school for behavioral neuroscience. So, I graduated with a degree that basically discusses and shows the neuroscientific basis behind why human beings make decisions, why we engage in specific behaviors. And it is freaking insane when you go down a little bit deeper into it. Um in hindsight, it's probably one of the reasons why I'm so good at, you know, cold email now. But, yeah, you can literally go and you can you can research this stuff. You can do whatever the heck you want. I mean, whether you're using archive or, you know, some other resource, I want you guys to know that everything I'm going to talk about to you guys today has empirical basis in science. And, you know, the best cold email copywriters are basically like the best psychologists. You know, so too with the best door-to-door sales people, so too the the best LinkedIn DM campaigns. All of this is just based on our psychology. All right, so there's seven principles behind why people say yes to messages from strangers. A lot of this was taken from Robert Cialdini's book called Influence. I don't think that he's necessarily covered the whole landscape, but he's definitely done a pretty good job of organizing it all. So, I'm going to cover them in due turn. The first is giving first. The second is micro commitments. The third is social proof. The fourth is authority. The fifth is rapport. The sixth is scarcity. And the seventh is a shared sense of identity. And I think this is probably the most important of all. The first principle is the give first principle. And this is why, you know, before you get your bill at a restaurant, the waiter or waitress will always bring you a a pile of breath mints. The reason why is because when they provide you something that you think is valuable, even if it's not objectively valuable, but just like valuable to you, it's something that you assign very high level of value to. It will create a sense of obligation that lowers their resistance, disarms their skepticism, and ultimately opens the door to trust. Now, this has been applied throughout history on broad, broad scales. I'm not going to get into any particular example, but before you raise up in arms and think that learning this sort of thing makes you a manipulative person or whatever, know that you are constantly being manipulated every single day. Every company on planet Earth is employing this right now to get more money out of you, whether it's through outbound or through some sort of inbound thing. Have you guys ever been to a Costco or like a big grocer that offers samples? It's like the reason why you do that is because them giving you something at least momentarily creates a sense of obligation where you feel like you have to talk to the sample person or maybe, you know, ask some questions about the product. And they find that some small percentage of the time, 2 3% of the time, you'll actually go and you'll you'll buy the thing, okay? So, the gift-first principle is obviously very applicable in our case to cold email because the big hurdle is trust. And what you do is you start by giving something really small, and then that gets you to some foot in the door where you can start a conversation. In the conversation, you give them something else, which gets you a foot in the door to where maybe you could send a proposal or or, you know, send them a product sample. That gets your foot in the door to another point where you essentially now have them in some sort of working relationship, and then you consistently just increase the level of escalation until ultimately they have, you know, some sort of like business relationship with you that that you wanted in the first place. Now, I'll cover some specific ways to do this, but it really does just boil down in our cases, since we're doing outbound, to offering some sort of help that seems genuine. You can automate a big chunk of this. I'll show you guys how to do that later on, but it might involve giving them insights. Hey, you know, I noticed XYZ is currently misconfigured on XYZ's landing page. I know this is wild. I think you're losing between 10 to $20,000 a month. Let me show you how to fix this. You do that without asking for anything in return, and even though you didn't make the ask, the ask is inferred. And people will assign value to you, like positive value, without assigning any of the negatives typically involved in the framing of like a business outreach transactional sense. So, very, very powerful, and I'm I'm to show you a ton of different ways you can do this, but I want you to know if you are going to write a piece of outbound communicate in insert current year or beyond, make sure to include something that you are giving them so at least they have the sense that they're getting some sort of value in exchange for their attention or their time. Now, I covered this briefly in the last principle, but the second is micro-commitments, okay? And that's that sense of increasing escalation where you start with one thing, which is small, use that as your foot in the door for another thing, which is bigger, use that your as a foot in the door for another thing, and so on and so on and so forth. In any sort of outbound situation, you can't just say, "Hey, do you want to pay me $4,000 right now?" because, you know, the person on the other end of the line is going to say, "Well, who the hell are you? I've never said yes to you before. I have no pre-existing history, trust, any sort of established sense of of security. Why the hell would I do that?" But, if you say, "Hey, you know, I just actually recorded you this custom thing and it walks you through how to do all this value stuff that I just gave you and it shows you how to, you know, fix your landing page. Would you just like, you know, watch it for 1 minute and if even after 1 minute you just don't think it's that valuable, whatever, never message me again. Uh you can tell me to screw off and and so on and so forth. I'll be fine. You know, if they watch that minute and they like it, you know, they're already essentially assenting to engaging in some sort of transaction with you. So, from there, you know, you can turn that into like a longer video. And from there, you can turn that into an actual phone call. From there, you can turn that into a video call. From there, you can turn that into, you know, ultimately getting them to close. And so, this this is all about just building a sense of momentum where every small agreement makes the next slightly larger one feel good. Um you know, there's a big study that was done a while back. I don't remember the specific one, but it it was where you know, they they found that you could frame two asks. And in the first, um they just did the ask. And in the second, they basically made a bunch of tiny little ones and just just were like, "Hey, you know, is your name Bob?" And it's like, "Yes." It's like, "Hey, do you live in whatever location?" It's like, "Yes." They found that the more times they could get a person to say yes before the ask, the higher the probability of them actually saying yes to the ask. And so, like the human brain is very leaky. It's like It's like a video game, you know? Like we need a patch severely because um there's just all these little biases and little hacks that people can take advantage of. And this is a really big one. Uh so, if you want your cold emails or your cold DMs or your campaigns in general to really crush, make sure to understand microcommitment as well. The third is social proof, and this is pretty similar uh of a principle to authority, which we'll also cover. But essentially, human beings are like herd consensus animals. You know, whatever your your beliefs or opinions on the subject, you know, like we make decisions first by looking at a bunch of other people and seeing whether they're making the same decision. Before we say yes to anything, it's basically just built into our DNA to like get a lay of the land and see, okay, if I make this decision, am I the first one that's ever making this decision, or is there some sort of precedent? And so, with social proof, really what you do is you just show or tell other people um that have taken the sort of action you were asking them to take. Usually do this really informally, and like the best cold outbound nowadays makes this like a it's like a throwaway line. Uh it's like barely even talked about, but it still provides the the impression that a lot of people are taking action. And um you know, in a situation like saying yes to a total stranger, obviously, it's like max uncertainty. Human beings are going to be social are going to rely on social proof rather a lot more than like a situation like buying a specific item at a grocery store or something. So, the way you do this in practice through outbound is use very specific numbers. Generally speaking, when you have concrete data, so these are names of people that you've worked with, results, counts, and so on and so forth, um it's a lot more powerful than just saying like, "A lot of other people have signed up for this." It's like, "Hey, I actually just finished a client project for an IT business in in Tennessee as well. I mean, they're realistically like a 15-minute drive from you. Um I can hook you up with them if you if you want." You know, something like that is far more persuasive than the vague claim of like, "I just I make a lot of money with this stuff." Likewise, "Hey, we generated $112,482 last week for an XYZ business." You know, if you have these sorts of case studies, you got to really really use them. You You you to take full advantage of them, and the way you do that is by being specific. And then likely, ideally you want to match the reference group. So, like, you know, in social proof examples, and you can't actually do this in practice most of the time because you won't actually have like the exact case study unless this is a product that you've been selling for a while. But it's like, you know, let's say the offer that you're running, and I'll talk about offers later, but the offer that you're running is for, you know, some sort of like B2B SaaS marketing. And, you know, you've worked with a lot of companies in this before. Well, if in your let's say your your LinkedIn DM, you mention that you helped another B2B SaaS company achieve XYZ result, that's going to be taken a lot more sincerely and then powerfully than if you mention, "Hey, you know, I've helped some some freelance dog walker achieve the same result." It's like your results should always be in the context of the person that you are considering talking to, the company that, you know, in my case B2B, that I'm considering helping. And so, the closer it is to the reference group, the more like Venn diagram overlap the reference group has, you know, this is like my little reference and then this over here is my prospect. The more of that overlap they have in either their characteristics or their businesses or their their ICPs, ideal customer persona, attributes or or whatever, the better the social proof is going to be taken. So, as long as you can, you know, actually implement on these three, show others taking action, use specific numbers, and matching the reference group, and I'll give you guys a simple and straightforward way to do that, you guys will crush. Next is the principle of authority. And this is where you demonstrate hyper-relevant expertise with some form of, you know, credentialism, some form of like renowned accomplishment, some form of I don't know, like why do you think doctors always say that like Dr. Blank with an MD at the bottom of their freaking email signatures? Because you just take them more credibly because you know that they've spent a lot of time doing the thing. Um it's also where you just signal confidence in the way that you write the email. So, you know, you're not like hedging every 5 seconds. You're not like, "Well, I believe maybe I could help you." It's like, "Hey, I could absolutely 100% help you. I'm very confident in this because I just helped XYZ do this before." That's combining social proof and authority. So, I mean like if you have any credibility that's pre-established, then obviously you should use it wherever possible. Um you should make sure that the credibility that you're attempting to use does match the ICP or ideal customer persona that you're trying to talk to. You know, like, I find a lot of the time in, you know, small-to-medium-size businesses. Like, I used to go very uh blue-collar. Blue-collar people are like they're they're my guys. So, I'd go door-to-door. I'd knock on the freaking business door. I'd, you know, I'd open it. I'd shake hands with the receptionist or whatever. I found, you know, if I talk about my behavioral neuroscience experience to in like some some business plaza in the heart of Surrey, person would just kind of raise their eyebrows, not really give a [ __ ] and let me go. But, if I came in and I said, "Hey, I'm a Google partner. I'm part of Google's credential partner service, and I'm here to help you with your ads." or something of that nature, then people would be like, "Oh, you know, I'm I I I know Google ads. We run those. Really, you're with Google, like the search engine that I use every day?" And I'll show you guys ways to get authority really easily, but there's actually tons of like really simple partnership programs. There's tons of like incentive uh uh uh you know, programs that you can sign up to and stuff like that that make that really easy, even if you don't have any sort of authority whatsoever in the niche that you're trying to target. Phew, okay, it's pretty cold, so uh I just had to put a hoodie on. Next up is the rapport principle, where you find shared context between you and then the person that you are attempting to pitch. Whatever shared context, whether it's like ethnic shared context, cultural shared context, career shared context, the fact that you both have freaking Yorkshire terriers, like, whatever it is. If you can find a way to insert that in your outbound, it'll be significantly uh it'll land significantly better. Ideally, you want to be super specific with whatever it is. And then, a big thing that I don't think a lot of people do is you also need to match the tone of the person that you're talking to. This is like explicit, you know? You just saying like, "Hey, how's it going?" How the hell do you spell explicit? "Hey, how's it going? You know, I know you got a Yorkshire terrier." This server here, though, is all implicit. Now, this is where you mirror the communication styles, you mirror the message lengths, you mirror uh the the punctuation. For instance, like, if you were pitching to San Francisco VCs in like 2022 at like the height of like what I would consider to be the BS tech bubble. You would absolutely use like a lowercase in a lot of the outbound messages that you would send them because it would signal that you're part of their their group, right? You're establishing a sense of rapport. Likewise, anything that allows you to uh uh you know, create this concept of like alignment and and comfort with a person. Anything that allows you or pushes the other person to think that I don't know, you're sitting across from them at a bar or whatever you guys are hanging out casually. Generally, the more rapport you can build and then the easier it is to build and establish sense of trust. Next up is this idea of scarcity. Now, this is where you limit the availability, aka number of things you have to give them. And you can pair this with like the free giving uh uh you know, principle from earlier, the give first idea. Or you create some sort of time pressure where you give them a deadline in order to make the decision. So, you know, in my case, I'm pitching outbound. I send them a proposal for some service valued at, you know, $15,000. But that proposal expires at the end of the week, meaning they have to make the decision before the end of the 7 days or I can't maintain their price anymore. And then ultimately make the constraint real. If it's like a fake constraint, you know, a lot of people's marketing BS detectors pick pick up on that. So, real genuine ones like your own personal capacity, your own schedule, um you know, the ones where you tend to admit something that also ascribe some sort of fault to you like the fact that you can only take on a certain amount of work this week or this month or you're actually juggling like a few additional client projects. You want to make sure that you have the time for all of them together. These sorts of things can do really well nowadays. This is probably the least commonly used principle all of the influence ones that I'm talking about here. Finally, similar to rapport, you have the shared identity principle, which is where you establish some sort of common ground. People who are within your industry share specific values to you, whether it's like political values or as mentioned previously, some sort of cultural or ethnic value. People that have gone through similar challenges or hardships. You know, if you're pitching, uh you know, a business owner that's gone through the whole ringer and I don't know, we all have these inspirational business owner stories, right? Where I was down on my luck and I used to smoke crack and do all this stuff. And then you can express that you used to live on the downtown east side of Vancouver or whatever. Um you know, you'll you'll find significant inroads there by doing so. Likewise with the mirroring the tone, the tonality, the the the length of the messages and stuff like that. Using in-group language like lowercase messages and so on and so forth. And then highlighting some form of shared struggle uh will significantly improve the probability that whatever your outreach is hits. Now, like I'm cognizant that a lot of these principles have overlaps and they seem pretty similar to each other. You don't have to be, you know, like an academician or a theoretician theoretician, I think that's a word, here to understand that the idea is not memorize every single one of these. It's just recognize what they look like. You know, if you can get in the habit of recognizing these patterns, you can get in the habit of actually learning how to employ them yourself. And what the rest of this course is going to be is basically going to be sheer rote repetition of yourself applying these principles and then watching me apply them to, you know, take okay cold outbounds messages and then turn them into fantastic cold outbound messages. All right, enough of the theoretical stuff. Let's actually talk about what makes a great outbound campaign. And this is going to apply and work regardless of what it is that you're doing, whether it's sending a DM or an actual email. Hell, even picking up the phone and giving people a ring. The first, which I find most people miss, is establishing what the freaking goal of your outbound campaign is in the first place. Don't get me wrong. Obviously, the goal of most B2B campaigns specifically is going to revolve around money. It's either going to be short-term money like closing a deal or longer-term money like building up some sort of awareness or whatever to ultimately get more people into a funnel to close more deals. But establishing exactly which of these things that you are attempting to optimize for and then assigning KPIs, which are basically metrics called key performance indicators is very very important and we'll talk a little bit about how to do so. The second is building a frame. Okay? Now, a big thing in cold email, especially that's working really well right now, and it has to do with one of the principles that we talked about earlier, which was establishing a shared consensus and sort of like in-group feeling, is this idea of the frame of the interaction not being corporate or not being like super highbrow. Obviously, you should write in a way that, you know, is is perceivably straightforward, congruent, and professional. But there are a lot of niches out there where your frame actually does need to be very different from what most people would consider to be like a reasonable thing. And this is going to depend a lot on like where you are. It's going to depend a lot on like the sorts of people you're pitching to. It's also going to depend a lot on like the cultural norms and maybe the language norms of the language that you're speaking in as well. So, we'll chat about how to do that. Finally, at the [snorts] end, we'll talk a little bit about iteration. Now, realistically, what makes a great outbound campaign is having these two, having time, and then applying some sort of like change based off of the data. And I think people can figure out one and two pretty straightforwardly just with the concept that I'm talking about, but that missing third piece is iterating. Like when I write a fantastic piece of copy, it's usually not fantastic right away. You know, at the time of writing, maybe it gets a reply rate of like 3 and 1/2% or whatever, which is like, you know, it's okay, but it's not winning me any freaking awards. The reality is the entire game of outbound is like a data scientist sort of game, where like you can start with a campaign, okay, get it to 3.5% over here, make a couple of changes based off that data, get it to 4.5%, you know, 5%, 8%, and so on and so forth, and basically gradually climb a hill or evolve to the point where like you have a a killer amazing fantastic campaign that's 10%. It is very rare to one shot a campaign, okay? Which is where you just write it fantastically and amazingly the first time, send it, and then it just does everything that you want it to. Realistically, there's almost always a funneling down process where you write multiple versions of the copy. You test that copy across, you know, your data set. You get some results, allowing for time for the market to respond, obviously, to your communicate. And then you iterate based off of the findings, you know, you have three campaigns. One has a 10% reply rate, the other two have 2% reply rates. What are you going to do? Keep sending all three? No, you're going to scratch the lowest performers, and then you're going to build new variants based off the high performer. In that [snorts] way, you're basically evolving your email campaign over time, your your SMS campaign over time, your DM campaign over time, and then getting a lot better results. Okay, so let's start with principle one, which is defining and establishing clear goals. So, there are a lot of people out there that see campaigns as sort of like a a broader system that, you know, results in some outbound metric that you want. I personally see it as like an isolated instance. I want every single email I send or every single SMS I send to function as a self-contained campaign. Now, it's not that I can't add more steps to the campaign, can't have a second email, a follow-up SMS, and so on and so forth. But, I basically want, if you stripped away every other piece of messages except for just that one, that one should be able to do the whole job on its own. And this differs from what a lot of other people say. And I think if you want it to be truly optimal, you would have a sense of both. You'd have a sense of both, you know, like local within one message and then also how it all ties together broader. But, I just think for simplicity's sake, it's so much easier for me just to optimize the hell out of a single message and then just make sure it follows all the the four copywriting points which I'm going to talk about in the next section. So, in order to do that, the way that I always think of my goals is, what is the one thing that I want them to do after reading my message? After reading the specific email that I crafted. Should I book a call? Should I visit some sort of page? Basically, there are a variety of different things that anybody can do after reading a message, obviously, and you just need to pick one of them. Okay? So, I'm just going to give you some examples over here. The first thing is they could reply, obviously. That's pretty easy, right? Reply yes, and if they reply yes, you give them something. Or, you know, what do you think about this? And then if they tell you, then obviously they're sort of like escalating their commitment. The second is they could watch something. Watching something is typically more of an ask because a lot of the time they're clicking a link. They are opening some asset, you know, it's like a file. It's it's outside of the email um hierarchy, and so it exists as sort of like a bigger step. But, it's usually something you can get just in the first piece of communicai. The next is book some sort of call. Now, this is a lot tougher, obviously, but for most people that sell services specifically or looking for some sort of partnerships if they're selling some some sort of e-com thing, you know, retail and and so on and so forth. This is like a big big ask, but it's also a lot closer to ultimately what it is that you're trying to do. Finally, you can also get somebody just to buy something through a cold email. And this to me is like, you know, obviously golden grail. If you could just send out a bajillion emails with like a freaking payment link and have 10% of those people respond, you're doing something right. But, in practice, this is something that like we don't we don't typically do. And so, realistically, the campaigns that I create, I'm either gunning for some sort of reply, I'm gunning for some sort of like asset watch or or link click, or I'm gunning for them to book a call where I can, you know, set that and then have a conversation with them and actually sell them later on. Very rarely do we actually go all the way to buy, and we're certainly not putting like the pricing or whatever in in an email uh for the most part these days. So, what that means is you're going to be picking one of these three. Okay? And there are some other ones as well, but these are the these are the main I think I think buckets that most of my outbound tends to go into. Now, if your goal is a reply, you're going to write that in a very different way than if your goal is to book a call. And that's because, you know, in cold email, typically, um any sort of outbound that you send, you want to be hyper-specific with it and you want to minimize the number of steps that the person has to take in order to consume what it is that you're asking them for. So, in our case, booking a call, for instance, I don't want me to be like, "Hey, what do you think about this?" And they're like, "Yeah, that sounds pretty cool." And then I'm like, "All right, sweet. So, do you want to book a call?" And then they're like, "Yeah, I'd love to book a call." And you're like, "All right, sweet. So, what time works for you?" And they're like, "All right, 2:00 p.m." And I'm like, "I'm not available at 2:00 p.m. Why don't we try 2:30?" And they're like, "I can't do 2:30. I'm walking my dog. So, why don't we do 4:00 p.m.?" That's a lot of steps, right? And what you'll find in any sort of outbound campaign is the more steps you have, typically the lower the performance is, cuz leads just leak. Prospects just leave. They I don't know, their grandma has passed away or whatever. They're out for 2 weeks. A million different things could happen. But ultimately speaking, like, you're not the priority in their life. So, you want to minimize the number of steps involved, give them everything they need actually in order to actually consume the offer, um and then that'll significantly improve the the probability of success. So, you know, if you're going for a reply, that's obviously very big in general. If you're going for a book a call, though, typically you'll actually like provide the times of the call that you want to have that day. You'll say, "Hey, can I give you a ring at 2:15? I have your phone number right over here. It's this. Is that cool?" You know, "Hey, I actually just generated or I just created this asset for you. Um you know, do you want me to send it over? If you do, it'll be a one click link. I don't have to have you download anything or anything like that. You literally just click it and then you can watch the video. It's about 30 seconds. How's that sound?" Obviously, depending on the specific goal that you have, the writing is going to be quite different. So, you just have to figure all this stuff out first. And then finally, if you can't describe your goal in one sentence, I don't personally think you're ready to write your campaign. So, if my goal is to book calls for a B2B outbound lead gen offer, okay? If that's my goal, I'm good. But if I can't actually like summarize what it is that I'm trying to do in just a sentence, odds are I haven't really thought deeply enough yet about what it is that I'm trying to do with cold email and I'm probably just doing cold email or cold SMS or LinkedIn's or whatever the hell. Simply because I think it's like a trend and it's kind of hot right now. Like actually sit down and think a little bit about what it is that you're trying to do. Because the reality is you can sell anything through outbound. I've sold more or less anything through outbound. You know, whether it's like e-com products, literally, you know, selling some sort of little widget or or you know, some little keychain thing or some larger product that costs more money. You can do that through outbound. Whether it's selling like a high ticket service that's 10, 15, 20,000 dollars. You can do that through outbound. Whether it's selling like coaching or some sort of ongoing thing. You can do that through outbound. So it's not about like what it is that you're selling. Although obviously some are more easy than others just given conventions and so on and so forth. It's just about like do you know why you're running this campaign in the first place? Cuz if you don't know why you're running a campaign, then there's no point in even running the campaign. The second major principle is this frame idea. And nowadays with AI being the number one topic on basically every video, social media platform and then so on and so forth. This is more important than ever. But basically in my case, this just boils down to writing like a human. The frame of cold outbound is one-to-one comms. Remember earlier how I gave you that big laundry list of principles and it was things like establish a sense of rapport, escalate through micro commitments, instill a sense of scarcity and so on and so forth. Well, the entire way that you get those principles on paper is you just write as if the person thinks you're writing just to them. Obviously, most of the time we're going to be using templates. We're not actually handcrafting every individual email. But it's a very important that the person on the other end of the line thinks that you wrote that email just for them. Literally is like, "Hey, I was standing on the side of the street calling an Uber and then I saw some notification come up about your business and I just I had to like message you right now." Like that's the vibe that you want people to have. And so there are a couple of tests that you can do for this. The first is the text message test. If a friend saw you typing this to them, would they think that it was a personal message or a mass email? You want to optimize for personal. And I literally mean like go through your phone or go through your email inbox and just see how are you writing to people that you don't actually have super crazy business relationships with, but you do have very strong trust relationships with. Okay? What you want to do is typically mirror that tone. And you'll adjust that depending on some of the cultural nuances in the languages like I talked about, but in general that is how you do it. The second is you kill classic corporate signals that give away that it's some sort of sales pitch. So, hope this finds you well. No super illustrious signature block with Dr. Sir Alf that does blah blah you know, in general you don't even want to say we. It's not like yeah, we help people do XYZ. It's like hey, I help people do XYZ. Hey, I help you do XYZ. Hey, I'm reaching out to you because I think I can help you specifically with a specific thing that I would only actually be able to put in the email if I'd done a ton of research on you. In general you want it short, casual, slightly imperfect like a real person having a conversation. And with AI and stuff like that it's gotten so far that one of the optimal strategies now is literally to like insert some issues with your email to make the person be like oh wow, this guy must have actually wrote this to me on his phone. It's things like including sent from my iPhone, sent from my Android whatever at the bottom of the email. It's taking advantage of these little psychological quirks to make people think that like you know, you sat down and did it. And then obviously one person to one person, you know, a big test is just if I read this message back. If somebody sent this to me, would I think that they were just spamming me with a big wide ranging copywriting campaign or would I think that they actually wrote this thing for me? So, it's it's just person to person. This is not like you know, P2 what's the C2P, right? Like it's it's P2P, okay? It's player to player. It's person to person. It's not company sending millions of emails to faceless dollar signs to try and convert them. Instead you're like hey, I'm just one dude or I'm one chick and I'm looking to help out another dude or another chick and here's how I'm going to do it. Finally, you combine all of this sort of casual frame, congruence, trust-building, and then ultimately your your goal, which is getting book a call or maybe get a reply or whatever, with sort of like this data scientist angle where you're iterating all the time. And so, essentially the way that, you know, the scientific method works is you will come up with some form of hypothesis. So, you'll say, "Hmm, you know, I think this email would help me book calls." Very simple hypothesis. You write that email, you send it, and then what you do is you just you evaluate the results. If the results aren't what you want, or if the results suggest that maybe your email isn't as good or your your your DM or something could could use some work, what you do is you take the data, the feedback, okay, and then you apply it to improve the quality of the email. So, I mean, it's very very scientific-methody, okay? But, in general, it's about establishing some sort of campaign, okay? It's getting some sort of feedback, which I'm just going to call Y, and then it's ultimately making some changes. And then it's just looping this back on its tail over and over and over and over again until your thing gets better and better and better. So, realistically, you know, if we're sending emails, I'm not just going to send one to one person. I'm going to treat this like a science experiment. I'm going to try and control for all my variables. I'm going to send 500 to 1,000 to like get enough statistical, uh, you know, backing behind any conclusion that I draw that I'm a lot more confident doing so. I'm going to measure specific KPIs like reply rate, okay? I'm going to measure, uh, open rate if that's visible. I'm going to mention I'm going to measure booked call rate. I'm going to measure proposal sent rate. I'm going to measure product purchased rate. I'm basically going to build like a big funnel, which, you know, is a form of conversion rate optimization, with all of my metrics. So, I'm going to have opens, I'm going to have replies, I'm going to have like opt-ins, which is where they actually like do the next step. I'm going to have, I don't know, calls. I'm going to have, uh, proposals and so on and so forth service. I'm actually going to have closed. And then, you know what? I'd even have here is I'd even have lifetime value um, of the people that I closed that I could tie how long people work with me and how much total money I make to whatever the specific campaign is that I sent. I'm going to show you guys how to do all this stuff as we proceed. Although I want you to know that this is typically pretty platform dependent. If you're sending, you know, LinkedIn DMs, your uh data will be a little bit different than if you're sending cold emails, and that's going to be a little bit different than if you're if you're doing outbound phone calls. In general, you're going to want to kill whatever losers you are running really fast. So, after you've sent enough or called enough or whatever the heck, just cut the bottom performers immediately, write new variants based off the top performers, and then test again. And ideally, you just want to go data over your gut feeling. Like, our intuitions are powerful and stuff like that, but I can't tell you how many times I've written a a campaign and then thought, "There's no way this would ever work." And then it gets like a 15% reply rate and generates hundreds of thousands of dollars. That occurs shockingly often, which makes me realize that my intuitions are nowhere near as valuable as just data. In general, you want to get all of your results not from your own head, but from the actual market. Cuz the market is the truest uh proxy for what reality really is for us. You know, since we're looking to sell things and obviously make money, customers are the only people that that really matter. You know, variant, this is where people get this idea of like the customer is always right because they're like, "Well, the customer is always right because the customer pays me, right? So, I should listen to the customer." But, I also want you to take that with a grain of salt because there's a difference between a stated preference, which is where a customer explicitly tells you something like, "Hey, I don't like that you ask me this." And a revealed preference, which is really what's going on inside the customer's head. What you'll find as well is that stated and revealed preferences are kind of different from each other. So, rather than the customer always being right, it's more so just like look at the behavior of the customer and optimize for that. All right. So, just keeping track of time, we're done with psychology of saying yes to a message from a stranger. We are now on three components of a successful piece of outbound. Um, and next up, it's time to talk about my copywriting frameworks. This is the same thing that generated me over $15 million. What this is is this is essentially us taking these these principles and then these components and then just like sticking them all together into a repeatable formula. So, this is a formula, a system, a product, a rulebook, a roadmap, just something that you can consistently come back on anytime you're writing good copy. And so, I have the four steps right over here. I'll cover them all in due time and then I also have a couple of templates that basically we're going to build using this formula, okay? All right. So, without further ado, the formula is based off of four steps. The first is personalization. The second is who am I? So, it's defining who you are. The third is your offer. And then the fourth is your CTA. For those of you guys that don't know, that just stands for call to action, which is a marketing term where basically you get somebody to do something. Ask for a specific action. Okay, so let's cover all three of the or all four of these, sorry, in turn. So, the very first thing you have to do with any cold emails, you have to personalize it. And because the highest ROI place in an entire cold email is always the very beginning of the email. Why? Because the very beginning of the email is the only place you can ensure that all readers of the email will actually read. Email drop-off is nuts. Like, if the first word is over here at 100% of people, then the fifth word is like down here at 50% of people. Like, people drop off. They don't actually read much further than a few words unless you hook their interest. So, because it's the highest ROI place in the whole email, the best thing you can do is just hook their attention using some sort of extraordinarily personalized seeming line. Okay, and so the personalization is composed of a couple things. Usually it's a greeting. So, it's like, "Hey, how's it going?" Then it's an observation or a thing in common, okay? If you think about it, this sort of handles the rapport. The thing in common is supposed to handle both rapport and then like signaling that you're part of their in-group. And then you use this as an opportunity to segue into your pitch. And the whole idea is this cannot signal that you are selling something. The entire point is essentially and I know this sounds bad, but you are sneakily and cleverly evading their sales radar. So, the idea is you have to start every email with something that makes the reader think, "Wow, this person over here actually looked at my stuff. They read my blog post. Maybe they've watched my 4-hour Cloud Code Masterclass." Which you guys should definitely watch if you haven't. Maybe they've read my book. Maybe they've followed me on LinkedIn, and so on and so on and so forth. The reality of this is though, is that so many people take this principle and go way too far when what you should be doing is you should be keeping it short and informal because uh personalizations that are short and informal tend to be personalizations that are real. The longer it is, the less the person will think you actually sent it to them. So, my personal rule of thumb is it's two sentences max. One sentence is ideal. And the most important thing is just like, would a real person send what I'm sending? If the answer is yes, fantastic. You have a strong opener. But, if you end up generating milk toast LLM large language model slop like, "Hey Stacy, love how passionate you are about process optimization and aligning corporations with diversity outcomes at Beaver Corp." Then you're shooting yourself in the foot. The number one giveaway of like a shitty or like an AI cold email now it is, at least as of the time of this recording, is like people will use AI to write their own email and then they'll always say something so stupid at the beginning. Something that no human being would actually pick up on or note. Like, you know, I I don't care how passionate you are about process optimization and aligning corporations with the diversity outcomes at Beaver Corp. Like I don't, you know? Like and and you don't care that I care about that. What you care about is you know, "Hey Stacy, saw you went to uh you know, uh UCLA. That's wild, you know, my cousin went down there." That at least makes you stop and go like, "Huh, like who who is this person again?" And that is exactly what you want. Basically, the entire point of personalization is for the person you're sending to to go, "Wait, who's that? Do I know this person?" And then that sneaky little clever hack that buys you like a good 30 seconds of them reading through the rest of your email. And once you have like, you know, the the foot in the door, once they're actually reading your email, then through escalation of commitment and then through micro asks and other principles that we've already talked about psychologically, you can actually get a stranger who's never talked to you before, who's not even talking to you in in real life, but just reading your text on a screen, to do something for you. So, a big chunk of success with personalization, the very first chunk of an email, okay, is through what's called cold reading. Now, if you've never done uh any sort of like cold reading or if you've never heard about this before, what cold reading is is it's a set of psychological techniques used to convince someone that you know them intimately, even if you've never met them before. If you guys have ever seen like psychic TV shows or mentalists, uh it was a lovely series, or or like some clairvoyant stuff. Basically, the the the whole way that that works, assuming that, you know, the supernatural stuff isn't actually real, cuz who knows, maybe it isn't and I'm just wrong here, um is is they're extraordinarily observative, but then what they do with their observation skills is they make a general statements that actually apply to like 80% of the population that a human being upon first read or first glance would not know applies to 80% of the population. So, um I don't know, like a a common thing that people will say, you know, if you if you come on one of those psychic talk shows or something, and somebody's like trying to cold read you, is, you know, "Hey, you're you're usually quiet, but um I've noticed that you can be really talkative when you're comfortable." You know, you you say that to, I don't know, some young mom who isn't really paying attention, and they're going to think like, "Yeah, that's so right, you know, I am usually quiet, but at the same time, you know, when I when I get comfortable, I am talkative." Like, "Hmm, this person knows me." Like, this is obviously kind of [ __ ] right? Like, no duh. Every human being on freaking planet Earth is probably quiet initially and then grows more comfortable and and and thus more talkative. But most people for whatever reason just lack the ability to like realize that they are not that they are sorry a representative sample of like the whole population cuz we all think that we're special, right? So I'm I'm going to give you guys a quick example here and it's an example that I I've really tried to formulate for my for myself. A good example of this is this right over here is going to be our email template that we're going to use for for this section of the course. And this right over here is the personalization. And so what I have here is hey Nick, love your channel man. Very no BS and has helped me get started in management consulting. Think I can help you with something and maybe return a bit of the favor you've unwittingly done me. This is not like AI generated at all. This is 100% I just I just wrote this. And you know what the reality is? You could send this to any YouTuber. Any YouTuber, anybody that makes any sort of business to business content that's a male anyway with men. And you could say, hey Sam, love your channel man. It's very no BS and helped me get started in management consulting. Why? Because management consulting is so general that any business model would apply to it whether it's like a person making YouTube videos about SaaS, a person making YouTube videos about you know AI and automation like me, a person making a YouTube videos about like cold email copywriting, whatever. And then everybody over here that has like love your channel, it's very no BS. Everybody thinks their channel is very no BS. It's like I'm not going to assume that a bunch of other channels are no no BS because the whole reason why my channel performs so well is cuz it's no BS and straight to the point. So this is what we call cold reading. And so that's sort of option number one and that's actually the option that I recommend people like go with. Like you should actually just cold read. You don't even need to AI personalize stuff to be honest, although it obviously helps. The next step up with personalization though is you take these overly general vague statements and what you do is you combine them with artificial intelligence which I'll show you how to do later on in the course. Where basically AI scrapes some data source about the person, like for instance, where they went to college or something. And then you just weave it into a template that's pretty well cold read. So, I don't know, something about UCLA. Like yo, saw you went to UCLA, wild stuff. Uh right, like were you in whatever famous teacher's third year? The person going to recognize the famous teacher. They're not going to recognize the fact that like you know that it's a famous teacher because they're really big or you could just scrape all their information online. They're going to be like, "Oh, this person is probably familiar with UCLA." Meanwhile, what you're actually doing is you're just getting your foot in the door. People respond to you. Now you have like an escalation of commitment through cold email. Now you can actually, I don't know, pitch them whatever the hell you want. Or you know, even if that doesn't happen, what you've done is you bought a few seconds of attention. Okay? So, that's step one. It's personalization. And to be clear, what we got from that was um hey Nick, love your channel, man. It's very no BS. It's helped me get started in management consulting. I think I can help you with something, maybe return a bit of the favor you've unwittingly done with me. Oh, by the way, one more thing. You see this management consulting bit? This server here is called voluntary disclosure of information. And voluntary disclosure of information is a common tactic used to build rapport through things like cold email and also through the FBI. Uh if you voluntarily disclose some bit of information about yourself, you're some spy or something like that. Person on the other end of the line, they will trust you more because they will know that you just you know, gave them some information. So, when you say like, "Hey, this helped me get my start in management consulting." Obviously, you know, it's it's [ __ ] I didn't help them get their start in management consulting. Hopefully, that's clear. Um but when you make some sort of statement like that that's vague or general, but that is like still a giveaway of personal info. The person on the other end of the line is going to be like, "Oh, wow, really? That's wild." You know, and if you don't feel comfortable saying, "Helped me get started in management consulting." you can also say, you know, "Very no BS videos like this helped me get started in management consulting." or something. And then you have both uh you know, you're you're aligned on the on that side, and then you're also aligned on the whole voluntary disclosure um side as well. Few have done really well with stuff like that. Literally like, I don't know, telling you about their cat or something in an email. And then people are like, "Well, aren't Isn't the whole point of cold email that it has to be really short and really punchy? So, how does that work? When you know the rules, you can break them. But, you know, at this point you're still learning the rules, so be careful with all that. Okay. Anyway. Part one's personalization, and it cannot signal that you are selling something. On to part number two, which is the who am I statement. Okay, so basically the sequence of events when somebody reads a cold email is when they start reading, the very first thing they're thinking of is, "Oh, is this person a scammer and or a spammer?" And so, if you just like personalize the hell out of your email, they will immediately know you're not a scammer or a spammer. Why? Cuz scammers and spammers don't actually do any sort of personalization. They just send five quadrillion emails a day to every human being on Earth with a social insurance number. Now, because you say, "Hey, Stacy, you know, saw you at the UCLA or whatever." You know, they're they're at least going to know that you're not like a scammer or a spammer, um, so long as your your personalization is good and you have some sort of cold reading. Now, the next thing they're going to think of once you've solved that, okay? Cuz keep in mind, their uh defenses are really high initially. A lot of people are selling absolute [ __ ] The next thing they're going to think about is, "Okay, so this person isn't a scammer, then who are they and why should I give a shit?" And so, that's what this next step solves. So, this is where you combine some sort of social proof and some sort of brief statement to just quell the concern at the back of their mind that just tells them who you are and why it matters. Okay, so like literally like this question here is, "Hey, is this person here to scam me?" No. Okay, so next question is, "Who the hell are they and why does it matter?" And it's like, "Okay, so I'm this guy and this is why it matters cuz I've made all this money." So, my recommendation here is just like you did with the personalization, keep it to one or two sentences cuz you We're just We're just answering rapid-fire immediate questions that human beings pattern match. You can tell I've sent a lot of emails. The social proof is your introduction. The best It's to do this and this is what allows you to take advantage of another one of those psychological principles. In my experience you say something like I currently work with insert client. And you can either name the client by name or you can say it's an industry client in location to help them do thing and thing is similar to what they've done. We've done specific number, you know, $4,892 in the last 2 days through a B2B outbound. So [snorts] the whole idea here, okay, is not only are you knocking out social proof because you are showing people why you matter. Okay? You're also aligning yourself with their in-group by saying, "Hey, I actually currently work with whatever the company is and it's similar to the company of the person that you're reaching out to, right?" So when you say we've, now you're implying that you're in their in-group and you have social proof within their in-group, which is obviously maximally congruent, maximally aligned, and then it actually seems pretty impressive, right? And then you're also showing off a little bit, right? And so this is how you get all of the above in like as few characters as possible. Um, you know, you you identify yourself, you make it clear like, "Hey, you know, I do X, Y, and Z." You know, you make it clear why that matters. You make it clear that you are on their level. Now in terms of the email template, okay? This first section here was, "Hey Nick, love your channel, man. Very into BS. Let me get started in management consulting. I think I can help you with something and maybe return a bit of the favor you have unknowingly done me." This next section here is where you flex. "I currently work with a 10 mil sub YouTuber, Mr. X, to help him build landing pages. We have made 3 mil in the last month alone." What is this doing? Just as I mentioned earlier, 10 mil sub YouTuber, it implies that well actually it explicitly states that I work with somebody important, therefore I am borrowing their credibility, I am important as well. That's my social proof. And then it's also like, "Hey, this is a YouTuber, right?" So I work with a YouTuber. We have made 3 mil in the last month alone. It's like, "Okay, so I'm like you, you know, I understand the game. I'm a YouTuber. We are part of something." Okay, and next up we have the offer. Now this is typically where you have an observation and then what I call almost like a too good to be true offer. And I should really just space this out a little bit more so I could see it better. Um this is where you make them an offer so good that saying no feels pretty irrational. The whole idea is you want to point out something specific about their situation, some observation, some pain point that they have, some need. And keep in mind here that this is very cold readable as well. You know, if I say, "I think you're leaking money right now with your landing page." Like basically every business on Earth is going to have a landing page, right? And a lot of businesses on Earth are going to think their landing page isn't very good. So, when you say, "Hey, you know, I work with Mr. Beast to help him make landing pages uh Mr. X." "I helped him make landing pages and we generated three mil in the last month alone. Notice how that will feel, but I think you're leaking money with your with your current funnel. Um just the way you've set it up and like the various uh uh I don't know. The funnel mapping and whatever um doesn't seem really aligned with uh what I would have considered your content to be." Okay, so that's your observation, and then your too good to be true offer is where you basically present um something that is very formulaic, and I'll show you that in a second, that has built-in risk reversal. So, the idea is the prospect should risk nothing. All the risk should be on you, the business owner. A good template for the offer, okay, is I will do X thing in Y That's not how you spell Y. Y time or Z risk mitigation. So, I will generate you $10,000, okay, in 60 days or I'll keep working for free until I do. Perfect combination of an offer. Alternatively, I will get you 20 calls, okay, in 90 days or I'll give you all of your money back. Basically, you know, again, it's free. I will do X amazing thing for you in Y amazing short amount of time or I'll send you a $500 gift card to your favorite steak place. Just let me know where that is. Whatever it is, the whole idea I'm going to go way more into depth on this later is that it just needs to sound really good, really clean, be super quantified, be hyper specific. You're not going to include a range. You're only going to make it between 10 to 20k. It's like, "No, I'll make you 20k in two or three months, in 90 days. Or I'm going to do an exact sequence of steps that is very telegraphy probably have seen before and understand." And you want them to be like, "Well, the only situation in which any human being would ever say that to me is if they're very confident that they're good at what they do." So basically the first section here, okay, personalization, that just gets them to say you're not a spammer. The second step here, which is identity, who am I and why do we give a [ __ ] That tells them who you are and why they should give a [ __ ] This third section, offer, okay, is now Okay, so now that you're somebody and I kind of do give a [ __ ] what can you do for me? And so in this case I'm saying I went through your landing page on Maker School and frankly you are bleeding money, my friend. I'm so confident that even a couple minor changes here could fix this that I bet I could generate at least 100k for you in the next 60 days. I do this 100% up front, no strings, would take 5 minutes of your time and only if I hit 100k would I ask you for small cut, maybe 15 to 20%. Okay, so here you're probably like, "Well, dude, like am I doing work for free?" I mean, keep in mind that if you want to pitch somebody you've never talked to before in your entire life on like a high ticket deal, you really have to put your money where your mouth is. I'm not saying you have to work for free. Not at all. But you do need to understand this the lengths of skepticism a person will have and the number of factors that are against you getting on a phone call with them or some sort of video call them where you can actually explain the offer are so much higher and harder than anything you could have even hoped to imagine if you haven't done this before that the only way to cut through the noise, the constant torrent of [ __ ] is to have some amazing offer that sounds kind of almost too good to be true that allows you to get on the call and then explain, "Okay, this isn't actually too good to be true. This is actually pretty grounded in science and in facts and I've actually done this sort of thing before and here's how we've done it." Okay, so no, you're not working for free. But you do have to offer a guarantee. That is just how it works in any sort of cold outbound nowadays. Uh if I'd known what I just told you guys right now back in my door-to-door days, I probably would have made over a million dollars, uh not just, you know, 150, 200 thousand dollars. So, uh here's more or less why this matters, okay? It's because the conversion rate, which is expressed as a percentage, is basically directly proportional to the perceived ROI that you can deliver times how much trust they have that you can actually deliver the return on investment, okay? Divided by the friction involved in getting started. Okay, and this last point is a little bit more call to action-y based, but I'll run you through it regardless. Now, if I'm offering, you know, $10,000 in 60 days and it's a business that makes $10,000, this return on investment's going to seem really big to them. Now, if I do so in a really trustworthy way and I give them a bunch of social proof with actual people's names and stuff like that, you know, the trust at least up up front on the offer is going to be relatively high. And if I tell them that you don't have to do a single thing, I'll take care of it all for you, it'll just take 15 minutes of your time on a call, then the friction's going to be really low. And do you know what happens mathematically when the numerator is high, the other numerator is high and the denominator is really low? Well, the number that you end up with is really high, right? The conversion rate's going to be high. Um you know, if any one of these was reversed, so if the return on investment was shitty, the trust was shitty or the friction was really high, then I would directly, um you know, slow down my conversion rate by whatever factor uh those things are. Am I actually doing like math every time I create movie things? No, obviously not. This is just a way to think about it. Now, Now, way to think about this is because a lot of people at this point are like, "Why don't I want to do work for free and stuff like that?" is their offers are correlated to the incomes and the statuses of the businesses that you're working with. What I mean by that is, you know, my business does over $300,000 in profit per month, okay? That means that in 60 days, somebody's pitching me, in 60 days, I would have done somewhere between 600 to maybe $700,000 in profit, okay? When somebody says, "Generate at least 100k for you," what they what they mean is number one, it's not profit, okay? It's revenue. All they have to do is just generate some form of top of funnel, which is much easier than generating actual profit. So, that's number one. Number two, if my business would have made six or $700,000 in that time period, and the person's coming in offering to fix or improve my revenue by 100,000, all they need to do is they just need to improve the effectiveness of my business by 16%, right? And if I genuinely have something that is like crazy crack, okay? Like I'm the person that's pitching now. And I have some crazy crack system, and I'm actually very confident in my offer. Um, you know, I'm sure I could increase your revenue by 16% or something like that. If I if I've truly found a hack in the market, and that's why I'm going going to market with this offer. So, for instance, like cold email. Like cold email to me is broken, and it's broken because I'm quite good at it, obviously, but it's it's broken in general because of the distribution and the leverage, if you play your cards right. Anybody can get really good at this stuff really quickly, assuming that they understand some of the principles I'm talking about here. So, when I go to people, and I make outrageous-sounding claims like, "I will make you $10,000 in the next 60 days," or "I will generate you 20 booked meetings in the next 60 days." Meanwhile, they've they've booked one meeting in the last 60 days, so I'm 20x-ing their funnel. People look at me, and they're like, "What the hell? That's crazy." But you understand that like you're doing this in the context of the the industry that you're working with. If I'm pitching YouTubers that make 5 to 10 million dollars a year, and then I make an offer for them saying like, "Hey, I'll help you make $100,000 in additional in the next 60 days." And they take me up on that, what's that really? I mean, if I'm making 100k and then they make five you know, this is like 100k and that's technically 5 million, right? Expressed as a percentage, this is 1/50. And then 1/50 is really 2%. So, what do I have to do over that time period? I just have to increase the effectiveness of their business by 2%. Let me tell you, I mean, it's as a as a freaking hustler, as somebody that's like been there, done that, who's who's grinded it out, who has that old school gumption, I will find a way to improve the the revenue of this business or the effect of the business or whatever the hell by 2%. And that's even if I didn't have a crack ass system. I obviously do. Okay, so I don't actually recommend having offers be like financially based. I'm going to talk a lot more about that later, but I just wanted to show you guys here what like a real strong guarantee would look like where somebody's like, "Well, dude, why wouldn't I take this up 100k?" And then like you're pitching to a bunch of freaking millionaires anyway, because obviously you pick your niches right, not like a total [ __ ] Um you know, like even if you don't get them the result, so let's say I make $99,000 for my customer instead of $100,000. You know, some of them are going to be dicks and they're going to look at that and be like, "Yeah, I mean, like you messed up by 1k, so I want all my money back." So, then you send them their $10,000 back or whatever. You know, some of them will, of course. But a lot of them will be like, "Are you freaking kidding me? You just made me $99,000? Dude, I want an I want whatever you're smoking, man. Like course, get the hell in my business, let's do something." Now, in my case, it's usually marketing based, right? Because that's what I do, but um in your case could be anything. Could be implementation, could be newsletters, I don't know. Anyway, I'm getting off topic here. Um part four is your call to action, which is where you make a specific ask. So, no vague stuff, like would you be interested? Or let me know your thoughts unless you've really like planned this out and you've thought deeply about it. Um what you really want is you want a specific ask with a specific time, cuz most of you guys are going to do calls. So, would you be open to a 15-minute chat? If so, I can give you a ring at 3:30 p.m. today or before 12:00 p.m. tomorrow. That way, there's just one step between yes and booked. Think about like the loop here, okay? If I have this, you know, let me use this built-in thing. It's way easier. So, I send, person says yes, okay, I book. That's literally like two steps after the sending. They just say yes, and then immediately after it's like, okay, I book them in my calendar. Now, contrast that with the way that most people do this. What they'll do is they'll send, and then instead of saying, "Hey, can I book at whatever time or whatever?" They'll just say like, "Hey, like let me know your thoughts." You say, "Cool." Then it's like, you're like, "Oh, okay, well, and then can we jump on a call?" And they're like, "Sure." And then you're like, "Okay, what time?" And then they're like, "3:00 p.m. Thursday." And then you're like, "Oh, [ __ ] I can't actually make that cuz I'm picking up my son from soccer practice or something." First of all, notice how many steps are involved. Every time that you have a step after the reply, obviously, what's happening is you are leaking. And so, where Let me just draw it from here. That's a little easier. You're actually leaking like 5% on the conversion right here. For whatever reason, people just aren't going to get back to you. Because, as I mentioned in um the previous part of this video, people have lives and they have a bunch of other [ __ ] going on, right? And so, basically, every single time you have a back-and-forth, you're leaking like some percentage of the funnel. And um if you're like an average person, and you, you know, an average person trying cold email who bangs their head against the wall and is like, "Oh my god, this doesn't work. My copywriting sucks. Copy is so hard. I'm just going to have AI do it all for me. Oh my god, that sucks, too. Whatever." Like, that's that's like 25%, right? 25% of your whole lead flow, aka 25% of your revenue just disappeared. So, if you want to make 25% more revenue, keeping in mind entire industries are built on 25%, just make a specific ask. I can give you a ring at 3:30 p.m. today or before 12:00 p.m. tomorrow. And keep in mind as well that like a lot of cold email platforms, a lot of uh you know, templating platforms, whether it's SMS, LinkedIn, whatever, um you know, they actually allow you to like insert dynamic variables, usually using liq- liquid syntax, which is quite valuable. All right, so, what is the CTA here? Well, it's the section right over here. Would you be open to a 50-minute call? If so, how's 3:30 p.m. tomorrow? And then I always I personally like signing off with something. So, this is Peter to Nick. This is what that looks like, okay? All right, so close your eyes. Can you recite those four steps back to me? Pause the name video and give it a go. Case you guys don't remember, it was personalization. It was who am I and why the hell does it matter? It was offer. And then it was call to action. If you just say that back to yourselves five, 10 times, you do the same thing again tomorrow, you'll remember this formula for the rest of your life. This is very worth doing because as mentioned, this has made me and my clients over $15 million. I'm sure it's made a lot of other people that I don't even know about who watch my videos and watch my content or maybe the clients of my clients or whatever, way more than that. Just try and nail this one because it's very straightforward. So, what I want to do now is I want to show you the exact same thing written with even more cold reading um that's pitching a different sort of product, okay? Obviously, the previous campaign was like YouTube optimization through landing page stuff. Uh this one's going to be a little bit different. Okay, so this is an actual email that I I rewrote for somebody inside of Maker School, which is my community where I I teach people copywriting and stuff like that. And uh you know, they asked, "Hey, you know, can you fix my email?" And then I took a look at it and I was like, "My god, this is like trash. So, I really have to help this fall." And his name is Mikael, I think. Um hopefully I'm not butchering his name. Really cool guy and I ended up just like doing a video on it. So, I figured I'd show it to you guys as well. The copy goes, "Hi Nick, love the channel, man. The anti-hype is very refreshing, honestly. I wanted to run something by you." So, in our magic hat, if I pull out one of the four steps, which one is this going to be? Obviously, it's going to be personalization, right? So, what am I doing here? Just breaking this down psychologically. Again, I'm making like a really cold ready statement. And it's "Hey Nick, love the channel, man." I'm using some sort of like qualifier to make it clear that I'm not like some formal, you know, VC reaching out to but whatever. Like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a friend, you know, I'm like on your level. Most people will use terminology like this, most men anyway. Um and so doing this is sort of a way of me signaling that I'm in group. The anti-hype is very refreshing. A lot of people are big on anti-hype. They're like, "All my videos are anti-hype. Everybody else's videos are all hype [ __ ] Mine are anti-hype." You send this to somebody, you'll do a pretty good job. Um the next one is I wanted to run something by you and this is sort of like a bridge term. And I just use some bridge term like that so my my email doesn't seem disjointed. But you don't even need that. You could just like cut it out. Okay, so next up what you have is you have like the who am I and why do you give a [ __ ] So who am I? Well, I help retail businesses scale acquisition. I just partnered with Vention. It's a retail company around the same size as you. And generate 85k rev in 12 weeks. Vention is a retail company around the same size as you. What am I getting from this? I'm getting in group. We generated 85k rev in 12 weeks. I I missed a we here. A we here would have done even better, but anyway. What what else are we doing? We're signaling that like we know what the hell um is up with, you know, retail business acquisition. 85k revenue in 12 weeks. You know, it's not like the craziest amount of money on planet Earth, but assuming that you're reaching out to small to mid-size businesses that make like, you know, a couple million dollars a year, nobody's going to say no to another like 25 30k a month, right? That's what we're That's what we're offering here. Okay, so next what we have is we actually have a really straightforward pitch. >> [gasps and sighs] >> And so this is actually kind of like an inverse version of the call to action um offer sequence, but this is really an offer. So what we're doing is could I do this for you, too? TLDR, we're using again casual language. I'd fill your calendar with high intent sales calls from prospects who are generally interested in your offer. I do with a scalable cold outreach system I built myself. And then this offer is kind of like this and this over here. It's going to be your CTA. Um you know, I do with a scalable cold outreach system I built myself. I believe in this so strongly I wouldn't charge a cent unless I generate you more than 10k in our first month together. My goal is to make this a no-brainer. I really think I can benefit company wanted offer some value up front. What am I doing? I'm teasing 85k in 12 weeks. Which if you just do the math here, like that's 3 months, right? So that's about $30,000 a month, $25 to $30,000 a month. I'm saying 10k and I'm assuming they're similar size. They might be the similar size. I'm They might not be. I might just be like making some [ __ ] up. If they're around the same size as you, a lot of people will think like, "Okay, they've done their research on me." Which is obviously a positive and that's one of the reasons why I do it. Um but yeah. My goal is to make this a no-brainer. I really think I can benefit company wanted offer some value up front. This is just like some some copywriting. I'm just trying to make it more casual. Would you be able to do a 50-minute call about this? If so, how's 3:30 p.m. tomorrow? 4:00 p.m. Tuesday? I can send over a cal invite if so. Just GVE me a shout. Thanks, Michael. What's the GVE here? That's um just a spelling mistake. And you want a spelling mistake somewhere in an email if you're sending it at scale. You literally want to have like something in your email be like, "Oh, that's cute, you know?" This fellow made a mistake. Oh, no. Generally, I put that at the end after I've built all of this trust and offer and stuff like that and people like, "Okay, like you know, that's fine. They're willing to forgive me." If I do it at the beginning, some people are just They have their head so far up their ass. So they're like, "Uh you don't know how to spell your email right? Ridiculous." And then they never talk to me again. Go read an encyclopedia or something. I don't know what they do in their spare time. But anyway, the point that I'm making is this follows that formula. I would consider this an okay email despite the fact that it's pretty long. This is a I would consider better email cuz it's shorter, punchier, and has more of the things in the in the in the sequence that I like. Um but this is what I'm going to be doing for a bunch of emails later on. I'm literally just going to be like roasting them all and then covering why they're bad and then how you can make them better and rewriting them. Okay, so just to recap because recapping is how you get things stuck in your head. Four steps. The first is personalization. The second is the who am I and why do I matter? The third is the offer. And the fourth is the call to action. You need all four. Do not try bending or breaking the rules until you understand them. You know, if I write an email, I might screw around with this just a little bit because I've been there, I've done that. I understand that there's some situations that don't always fall into the formula. I want you guys to know that like 80 to 90% of all situations will fall within the formula, whether you're pitching through some sort of like LinkedIn DM, whether you're doing some sort of SMS, whether you're literally writing snail mail, packaging it, and sending it to people alongside some you know, cute little swag box or whatever. All stuff that I've done. This formula works really well. Let's get on to the next part of this course, which is going to be me constructing a bunch of different offers for you that you can either copy and paste or get inspiration from to write your own. Okay, so I've already alluded a little bit to this before, but the way that you construct offers, and really the way you convert people into any sort of outcome with copywriting, is according to what I will call the offer formula. And I want you to know that everybody has their own version of the offer formula. Any big copywriting person or I don't know, YouTube guru or whatever, will have what they call their offer formula, and it'll probably look a little bit different from what I call my offer formula. That said, if you're watching my course, you should probably use my offer formula. And to make it really simple, my offer formula is, okay, conversion rate is equal to the return on investment you can convince somebody of times their trust that you can actually deliver that return on investment divided by the friction involved in going through the process of uh you know, accepting your offer and so on and so forth. And so, very simple formula here, CVR, which we can make even simpler just a little percentage sign, is equal to the return on investment times the trust divided by friction. Now, why is this important? Am I actually going around calculating, you know, the the math for every single person? Am I like, "Mhm, well, they trust me 0.5 and the return on investment is $15,000. The friction is one, therefore, the percentage conversion rate is 7,500%." >> [snorts] >> No, obviously not. Uh the reason why we use an offer formula like this is just so that we can constantly bring our awareness to the three prime movers, the three things that are actually very, very important in determining, um you know, whether somebody takes you up on it. And I mean, realistically, there are tiny little other features as well that I'm not talking about here, but they all round to zero. The things that are really the most important are just like, what return on investment can you put in front of somebody? What sort of trust can you give them that you will deliver on your promises? And then, how does the friction um kind of play into that? So, I'm just going to restate it up here. It's just I'm going to use text so that it's a little bit easier to see. We'll say percentage is equal to, and then I'll go return on investment times trust that you'll fulfill. All right? And then, we'll have a little divide sign. And then, underneath that, which I will draw my little divide sign in a second, we'll go friction in implementation. And I'll put that in brackets, too, just because I like when things look nice. Okay? So, restated, our offer formula is what is the return on investment times the trust that I'll be able to fulfill this divided by the friction in actually implementing the offer. Pretty straightforward. Let's go through every single one of these one by one. So, what is return on investment really, okay, in our offer formula? Return on investment is just what sort of result are we actually driving? And so, an example of a result that I'm actually driving might be, "I'll book you 20 meetings in 60 days." Okay? This is an example of a result. What must results be? They must be quantified. Meaning they must be written in such a way that there is no ambiguity. Am I saying 19 meetings, 21 meetings? Am I Am I giving them a range in 30 to 60 days? Am I Am I giving them I'll book you some meetings, I'll book you meetings? These are all examples of things I've actually seen in copy that has been sent to me or copy inside of Maker School my community. Needs to be abundantly clear what it is that they are getting. So, what is a meeting really? A meeting is obviously like a video call with a prospect, okay? If I don't make that clear, if it is not clear to my prospect what the meeting is, you know, if I just say, "I'll book you 20 conversations." Right? What a a conversation and sort of has a different connotation than a meeting, right? Most people understand a meeting to be what you probably think a meeting is, where you sit down, you have a call with somebody, or, you know, you visit them in their office physically if that's the offer that you're running. Probably most likely call though. Whereas a conversation could be anything. Could be like a reply to an email. Likewise, if you're selling replies, well, then you you write replies, okay? You don't write meetings. Okay, so quantified, it has to be clear. And perhaps most importantly, it has to be time-bound. Time-bounding is really important and a lot of people talk about it, but um if you don't have some sort of like definition of done, you won't be able to go to the next part, which is the risk mitigation. Like, I'll book you 20 meetings. And it's like, okay. I'll book I'll book you 20 meetings or you won't pay a cent. Hypothetically. It's like, okay, so technically speaking, you can book me one meeting this year, 19 meetings in 40 years from now, and you will have qualified for the guarantee. When the hell do I get my money back, man? So, you're you're going to need some sort of like uh time-bound. Okay, so very simple, we have a result right over here. We're going to have some sort of time. And both of these together are sort of like your return on investment math. The next is the trust that you'll actually be able to fulfill what it is that you are offering. And this is where those other things that come before and then after, okay, come into play. So, trust is typically built off rapport. Trust is built built off of social proof. Trust is built off of how much they are in your in-group, okay, how much you can demonstrate to them that you are within their in-group. And it's also authority. If you're an authority figure, you're highly credentialed, and so on and so forth, then the probability that they think you'll be able to fulfill what it is that you're trying to say is probably higher. Like if you're walking on the street and then, you know, somebody's having a heart attack or something like that, you say, "Help, I need a doctor. Is anybody here a doctor?" And some guy says, "Oh, yeah, you know, I did my, you know, my holistic medicine certificate back in 1992." And then some other guy's like, "Yes, I'm an emergency doctor." You know, it's like which one do you trust will be able to fulfill the offer in this case, which is potentially revive this fellow? Probably not like some holistic one-year certificate, but probably the guy that's, you know, trained for god knows how many years and currently works in the emergency department, right? Likewise, you know, if I'm telling somebody, "Hey, I'll book you 20 meetings in 60 days, okay?" If they're within my in-group, if if they do exactly what it is that I do, if I'm familiar with that and it's clear to me that they're familiar with that, the subject matter of my offer, maybe I'm some managed service provider that does some specific IT thing, some Linux installs on like servers, and you know, I make it clear that I know how to do the same thing, obviously I'm going to trust that that they'll be able to fulfill this more because they're within my niche. They've they've they've proven themselves to have done this before. Likewise, if it's literally like, "Hey, by the way, last week I booked 96 meetings in 1 week for a managed service provider who I've been working with for the better part of last 3 years, uh you know, after starting my own managed service provider practice or or uh firm." You know, obviously you have tremendous amount of social proof there, right? And it's like, "Oh, okay, they've not just delivered this result before, they delivered many, many more times this result as well." So, for instance, in a dental campaign that I'm running, um you know, our actual offer, the quantifiable result that we're willing to drive is actually very low compared to what we have proven that we can do in the past. And we set it so partially because we also have sort of like an onboarding cost to this. Um so, there's some cost per acquisition or cost of acquiring a customer math there. But also more so so we can literally say like, "This is no big deal to us at all." Like, we can we can get 10 new patients in your door in the next 30 days for like full uh you know, new patient exams, NPEs. Uh they'll pay full price. Um you know, we'll we'll get them in with like the lowest possible offer, some little toothbrush, and and we'll do it all for you in the next 30 days from the time of this email. By the way, last week we generated 109." And it's like, "Oh, wow. Okay, so 10 in a month versus 109 in a week? Like, wow, you know, I trust that they'll probably be able to fill this tiny little fiddly thing." So, in-group authority, social proof, and rapport are all very important, okay? So, just to clarify here, the offer bit is I'll do whatever thing for you in whatever time or whatever risk mitigation, which I'll talk about in a second. Okay, the trust that you'll fulfill is really built before and after. Um so, the trust you'll build you are building is done in like the social proof section, which is a little bit earlier on. Or, you know, it's done throughout the offer simply because you're deciding to put your social proof in the same section. But regardless, like these are all components that you need to have. Okay? So, the way that you maximize your conversion rate is you deliver a really high potential ROI right here with the offer. Then, you give them a lot of trust that you'll be able to fulfill it by aligning in rapport, social proof, in-group, and then authority. And then finally, that last piece is friction implementation. This is where you make it really easy to start. And so, if you think about it, you know, I I have the best, most amazing offer in the world. Maybe it is, you know, I'll book you 20 meetings in 60 days for um I don't know, like a private equity firm. And like keep in mind, some of these companies are willing to pay up to like several thousand dollars for a single meeting. And it's like, I'll book you 20 in 2 months, and you've had an average of like one a month for the last like year. It's like, holy [ __ ] you're literally going to 20x my pipeline in 2 months. It's like, that's worth like $40,000, and you're going to do it for me upfront, guaranteed, or I give you all the money back. That's wild. Seriously? It's like, yeah. Um the only issue is in order to start, you need to give me your firstborn son. Well, am I going to want to say yes to that offer? I don't know, maybe I don't like my firstborn son. Billy, go ahead. Uh no, I'm obviously not going to say yes to that offer, right? If I'm like, hey, you know, we'll do this for you, but it's going to require an intensive 10-hour workshop where like we sit you down and then walk you through how to do all the stuff in your business. Technically, despite the fact that it's free, it might be free like at face value, but I'm still spending in terms of my time and my and and my energy. And so, you're spending the friction. And so, what you want to do is you want to make it really, really easy to start, okay? So, the way that you make it really easy to start is you say terms like, I'll just need 15 minutes of your time over a brief call once at the beginning. Somewhere near your email. We won't have to I can't spell for the life of me today. We won't have to talk and talk again until I deliver all 20 meetings or something like that, okay? >> [gasps] >> All right. And then in addition, so this is sort of like making it really clear what the time bound and then the extent of involvement is. In addition to these two things, you also can make it really, really straightforward to start by saying something like the lines of, how does 3:30 p.m. today sound? I can give you a ring at insert number here or send you a one-click Google Meet invite. These make it really easy to start cuz all I have to do if I'm interested is say yes. Then I've defaulted into the action path of this guy's going to give me a ring at whatever this number is. If the number is wrong, it's really easy for me just to type in the real number and say, "Okay, call me here." If that time doesn't work, it's really easy for me to be like, "Oh, can you do 4:30?" And if that doesn't work, it's or if all of this stuff does work, um I know I'm going to get a one-click Google Meet invite, right? So, I just say, "Okay, send me the invite." And so, there's like basically zero friction there. And then most importantly of all, really, okay? Um you know, if I don't generate you, let's say, 20 meetings in 60 days, you don't pay a cent. Like, really a big chunk of the friction is like, "Okay, so how much money is it?" And it's like, "Oh, you don't actually have to pay a cent unless I achieve you this massive crazy outcome." And so, in this way, the risk mitigation is a part of minimizing friction. So, I mean, you put all that together, right? And I'm not going to include the personalization step here, but assuming you have some sort of like, you know, personalization up top, and I'm using typical liquid syntax for variables, which you'll find very often in cold email campaigns, stuff like that, where you have like these two little um uh curly brackets, okay? It might literally be like, "I'll book you 20 meetings in 60 days or you don't pay." "It'll take just 15 minutes of your time over a brief call once at the beginning, and we won't have >> [snorts] >> to talk again until all 20 meetings are delivered." How does 3:30 p.m. today sound? I can give you a ring at insert number here or send you a one-click Google Meet invite. >> [sighs] >> To be clear, I am so confident in this that if I don't generate you 20 meetings in 60 days, you won't pay a cent. Thanks. >> [gasps] >> Okay. So, this right here could actually work reasonably well assuming your personalization is fine, right? Hey Pete, love your channel, man. Big fan of X, Y, and Z. I know you mentioned in a previous video you wanted to bump up the lead gen. And as somebody that currently works in B2B outbound, I think I have the solution for you. I'll book you 20 meetings in 60 days or you don't pay. I know you're busy, so it'll take just 15 minutes of your time over a brief call once at the beginning, and we won't even have to talk again until all 20 meetings are delivered. To be clear, I'm so confident in this cuz I do it every day that if I don't generate you 20 meetings in 60 days, you won't pay me a cent. How does 3:30 p.m. today sound? I'll give you a ring at 608-299-4393. Or I can send you a one-click Google Meet invite. Just let me know. Thanks, Nick. Dress it up however the heck you want, but this is like this is really how you tie together the offer with friction minimization um as well as obviously maximization of perceived return on investment with the 20 meetings in 60 days. Okay, and I mean I don't just use this formula in offers, to be clear. Like I use this exact formula here throughout everything. I use it in the sales process all the time. You know, if I'm having conversation with somebody in sort of a sale context, right? It's like a I don't know, B2B AI growth implementation project, right? Which is stuff that I do basically at least every couple of months now. >> [sighs and gasps] >> So, my whole goal is just to demonstrate a big return on investment. It's like, okay, so how big is the need that this customer has? And when I say need, it's like how much money is this currently costing them? And it's like, okay, if I can figure that out, then I'm like, okay, how much money would they be making if I solve this? And so now I have both the direct expense, and then I also have the opportunity cost. I stack those together, and it's like, "Hey, I can make you 5x that." Now, as a business owner, somebody says, "Hey, I can make you 500% of your money in 60 days." You're thinking, "Holy [ __ ] that's a wild return on investment. I couldn't get that in a million years in the freaking S&P 500. But, I'm making it 500% in 60 days? That almost sounds too good to be true." And then it's like the only other two factors that apply, okay, once you've established your return on investment are like, "Okay, I mean, if this offer is so good, can I trust that this man's going to deliver it for me?" And then like, you know, if this offer is so good and I can trust that this man will deliver it for me, like, what do I have to do in order to get started? Like, chop up my left nut and serve it to him on a platter? Pardon my crassness, but that's more or less it, right? And so, that's where the return on investment comes in. Um, and it's not just a factor of like outbound marketing. It's obviously very important in sales. That's where the trust that you'll fulfill comes in. And it's not just a factor in outbound marketing. It's also in sales. And that's where the friction in the implementation comes in. You just always want to make things as easy as possible, whether it is over the course of an email or that it is over the course of, let's say, like a more lengthy sales sort of encounter, whether it's a call, whether it's something else. Okay? So, this is sort of the thing that underscores the vast majority of what I consider to be successful offers. This is the same offer that I currently use, same offer formula that I currently use in my inbound product maker school. Cuz you guys are curious, I mean, like, uh I don't know, last month we're probably going to do somewhere between 230 to 250,000 in maker school. And the main reason why it works so well is because I literally have an offer that says you get your first paying client in 90 days or your money back. Um, this is not just an inbound thing. Obviously, like outbound is tremendous. This is tremendously valuable in outbound, but I also wanted to try the supplies for inbound. Um, you know, I've I've just been using offers since basically day one. And then, another reason why offers work so well, which I'm just going to call final point before we talk some more examples and whatnot, is offers basically 3x your top of funnel. So, if you think about it, we went from 100% okay, to 300% revenue immediately at a cost of around 10% of your margin. Because realistically, there will be some situations which you cannot fulfill the offer. And so what we're doing is we're going from 300% to think about it 270%. We're taking 10% of that off. And so what it is is before you have an offer, the math is something like you know, I made 100% so I'm making whatever I'm making now. Then after it's like okay, I'm now making 270%. And so it's like 2.7x total profit. Would you say no to this? I wouldn't say no to this. Why not have an offer? Why not have a guarantee? I mean it's just free money on the table. Sure, I mean you you know, you're going to have to put your whatever on the table. But that's how you get anything done in life. Okay, I'm not going to continue trying to convince you to have an offer. Obviously you know that offers are important and that's something that you need. From now on I think what I'm going to do is show you guys how to establish a good offer um with this really simple example and then just make it more and more complicated over time and then I'll just show you like 20 examples. Well, maybe not 20. I'll show you guys probably between five to 10 examples of offers that you can realistically use. Okay, so what I have next is just a giant collection of offers. I'm not going to pretend these offers are the best. We're going to deconstruct some of them side by side. I'll show you guys real offers that I've used in my own business um Left Click as well as in One Second Copy which is Goldratt and Eliyahu $1,000 a month as well as a bunch of uh big firms that I've worked with that have launched either the exact same offer or slightly different offer that I've obfuscated for uh privacy reasons. But yeah, I mean I got I got a ton over here. Um the first is Legion. So I will guarantee you 20 book sales appointments in the next 60 days or you don't pay, no strings. Just say yes and I'll get started. Pretty simple and straightforward offer, right? Hopefully you guys see how all these components come together. To be really clear, the way I'm going to do this is uh for stroke I'll have red be the Let's just make a little legend over here. I'll have this be the outcome. And then the green over here will be the time. And then the Let's just do blue over here will be the risk mitigation. And this is basically going to be like the guarantee, okay? I want you to I want you to know and notice that like not everything is going to follow this exact structure, and that's okay, right? Not everything needs to. But okay, I will guarantee you 20 booked sales appointments. Okay, so what is the outcome here? It's In the next 60 days. So, the next 60 days. And then what is the guarantee or you don't pay, no strings attached. Just say yes and I'll get started. This is obviously something that is supposed to reduce friction. Although despite the fact that I ran this up and I used this to generate over $70,000 one month, I would not actually recommend just say yes campaigns as of the time of this recording just because I find people are kind of tired of that. Okay, here's our one for a live chat software that a customer of mine was selling. I'll build a world-class live chat widget on your website. So, what is the outcome? I'll build a world-class live chat widget on your website, okay? And there's actually more to this than that. At no cost. I won't charge you anything until you get your first 10 paying clients. So, notice how we're deviating from the simple sort of one-line thing and we're actually sort of splitting our offer now into two outcomes. The first The The real outcome is the 10 first paying clients, right? But we're going to do that through a world-class live chat widget. So, if you think about what are they getting? They're getting both the 10 paying clients, they're also getting the world-class live chat widget. You know what else is wild? Despite the fact that I pressed on time so much, this doesn't actually have a time. Why? Because it's sort of like self-liquidating. I won't charge you anything until you get your first 10 paying clients, making this completely risk-free. So, since I won't charge you anything until you get your first 10 paying clients. Realistically here, the reason why we don't need a time is because we're not actually charging them anything. When we get them the outcome, which I ideally we want to do really quick, we we charge them. But, that's how that business model works, right? Which is quite different from, you know, this very standard one which you saw up here. Okay, and this is like quite a different one. The rest of them are going to be quite more templated, but still I wanted to show you just how wild these things can get. What's the outcome? Uh first of all, no cost, and then completely risk-free. And I won't charge you anything. So, to be clear, it's free. It's free, and then it's risk-free. We're just making it really, really clear, and we're sort of driving it home. Okay, cool. Proposal system. I will build you the same high-converting proposal template that's made company over 5 mil in the last 2 months. I'll do all the work up front, and only if you like it we'll ask you to work with me. Just say yes, and I'll send you yours within 48 hours. So, hopefully this is pretty clear. Instead of selling some sort of like revenue-based outcome, what we're doing now is we're selling um we're giving them a product. And so, the product in this case is the same high-converting proposal template that's made company over 5 mil in the last 2 months. Ideally, company is like a recognizable company that they would know. And so, in our case it was like a company that was in the niche that you know, we're reaching out to, so basically everybody knew where the company was. That's why it's actually valuable. Um and then what what else we doing here? For time, okay, the last 2 months is not the time. What the time is is within 48 hours. And then the way that the offer works here is I'll do all the work up front, meaning that you don't need to do anything. And only if you like it, we'll ask you to work with me. And so, what are we doing here? Now we're basically doing like a variant of like a satisfaction guarantee offer. We're just not pitching it as like satisfaction guaranteed. You know, basically we're doing is we're saying we're just going to do this thing for you completely for free, do it all up front, and only if you like it, we'll actually ask you to pay me. Just say yes, and I'll send you yours within 48 hours. The ask you to work with me here, it's doing some heavy lifting, but it's really just like pay me, right? Okay, how about SEO audit? I mean, like very few people are doing SEO audits now, but just to be clear, you can. I'll run a full SEO audit on your site, show you exactly which pages are losing you traffic, completely free. Okay, so I'll run a full SEO audit on your site and show you exactly which pages are losing you traffic. The time is over here. Just say yes and I'll I'll have it in your inbox within 24 hours. Sorry, I meant uh green here. And then blue is completely free. Okay? Let's check out this one. This is a little bit more standardized. I'll build you a Google Ads campaign. So, what are they going to get? A Google Ads campaign that I guarantee will generate 50 qualified leads. 50 leads. In 30 days you don't pay a cent. Just say yes and I'll get it live this week. So, the outcome is obviously Google Ads campaign. Okay? What is the time? It's the 30 days. Okay? Or you don't pay a cent is basically it's going to be free unless we achieve this outcome. Just say yes and I'll get it live this week. And then also from like a time perspective, I got to be able to like hotkey this stuff cuz it's turning into annoying. Um is going to be right over here. Content writing. This is a real offer I ran for One Second Copy. It was integral in in scaling us to 92,000 a month. Just send us a title, okay, and we'll give you a completely free 500-word blog post on the topic, no strings attached. So, a little bit different format, right? What are they getting? Completely free. Well, really what they're getting is they're getting a 500-word blog post on the topic that they send. Okay? The time period, and I think I might have actually taken this time period out, would be something like in 48 hours. So, let's not just change everything, please. We'll go green. And what exactly is the guarantee? Well, the guarantee is that it's completely free. And all you have to do is send us a title, which is a friction minimization framework. Okay, let's keep grinding this out. CRM. I will build you a world-class industry CRM at no cost. I'll pay for it all myself, do all the work up front. And only if you like it will I ask you to work with me. Just say yes and I'll send you a link within the 48 hours. I will build you a world-class industry CRM at no cost. So, this is the outcome, right? I will build you this. You can also sort of make this the outcome if you want, you know, the fact that I'm paying for it myself. Although obviously I'm not actually paying that much money because I I have infrastructure to take care of it. What's the time period here? Time period is within 48 hours. And then what exactly is the guarantee? I guarantee I'll pay for it all myself, I'll do all the work up front, and only if you like it will I ask you to work with me. You guys see how these are all following similar sorts of structures despite the fact that some of their guarantees and some of their outcomes and times are all over the place. Okay, this is a campaign I ran for uh one of the dental companies that I used to work with. I'll give you a completely free entry into program which will let you fulfill your 20 CME credit requirement at no cost. Just say yes and I'll send over a private invite link. Okay? I'll give you completely free entry into program. Now, I um you know, I took out the actual program itself, but this program like has a time, right? So, this program is specifically only taking place at whatever time period and they they know it because it's like a program that's relatively common or popular in their industry. So, um despite the fact you can't see a time here, this is sort of uh sorry, green. Um this is also a time. And then really what's the guarantee? It's no cost. Just say yes and I'll send over a private invite link. Which to be clear is another thing that they're getting. And I try to be really granular with the stuff, right? Like people wouldn't consider this a deliverable, but my deliverable is it's a private invite link and free entry to a program which will let you fulfill your 20 CME credit requirement at no cost. Some people have to spend a fair amount of money to like sign up to courses and stuff and do that, right? We can now do that for you for free. Okay, email marketing. Send me your last three email campaigns, I will rewrite them for free. Plus, I'll show you exactly why the new versions will convert better. No strings. Okay? This is free, so the guarantee is sort of um intertwined with that and it's one of those self-liquidating offers where uh it's free, so I don't make money until they ultimately do the thing that I want them to do. And so, we do have some friction here on the send me three last email campaigns. No strings though. Just jumping around a bit cuz I don't want to do all of them, obviously, but uh this web design one could be pretty good. I'll redesign your homepage for free. What are we doing? Well, we're sending them a mock-up within 72 hours. And they only pay if they absolutely love it. Alternatively, we could say you only pay if you get 5% higher or more C C V R, okay, if our CRO works. So, if it's not super clear here, it is I will do X thing for you in Y time, okay, or Z risk mitigation. Okay, so this is the outcome. This was the time. Then this over here was the basically like your guarantee, your like risk reversal, etc. It becomes pretty clear and obvious how formulas like this work when you get hit over the head enough times with them, and I'm not going to go through the other 30 or 40 over there. Obviously, there's no need to. But hopefully you guys see that all we're really doing is we're just playing around with this theme. The most important thing I've come to realize with cold email and stuff is most people believe that you have to like just use pre-existing super high-quality winning email templates. And I mean like email templates make your life easier, for sure. They definitely do. Don't get me wrong. But you don't need the template. What you need is you just need the system. Because a template that you use once may work for like a week or 2 weeks or a month or a year or whatever, but eventually it'll stop working because that's just how the market works. But a system has a much, much longer lifespan. If you use a template, okay, this is a famous Nick Drive graph coming at you. You know, if this is how well it works, and then this is time, and this is the letter C because I didn't spell success right. The way that a template, which I will do in the red here, works is, you know, you'll start using it, it'll work really well, and then it'll stop working really well. And that's just because the market will get used to that template. The way a system works is a system basically bee-lines it up and then works really, really well for a really long time. Why? Because the system can produce a million different templates. And because as long as you're constantly iterating on the templates themselves and you know, you can apply a little bit of your human reasoning to it or even AI reasoning, which we'll talk a little bit about later. Um you can do really really cool things. You can use these systems to produce templates that basically nobody else would have thought that you know, you could you could produce. And so all I really did to create a big you know, list of winning campaigns um was I didn't just like copy templates. I learned the underlying system and then I could produce any template. And that's the difference between you know, strategies and tactics. You know, everybody loves these because oh my god, you know, here's a free lead magnet which shows you exactly what I sent to make $50,000. It's like oh my god, I could just send that make $50,000. But tactics don't work anywhere near as the higher level strategy. The strategy is the system. The tactic is the template. And as we know that the templates don't work. So focus more on like higher level strategy. If you understand this if you understand the strategy, you can understand any template. Okay, now that hopefully you guys understand how offers work and you know, what's kind of going on under the hood there. Let me show you guys how I would apply all of this to fix up a ton of mid to terrible cold email campaigns. Okay, so I've gone ahead and scrolled through my email inbox and then generated a big list of a bunch of different cold emails that I've received. I think I'm going to keep this section here to cold emails just cuz it's pretty simple and straightforward. Um you know, just do the same format over again. But I want you to know everything I'm going to talk about with you guys now is going to equally apply to like the SMS section, the uh LinkedIn section and so on and so forth, okay? Okay, so there are multiple things that you can use to assess an email. The first is you know, like the name. So Maria for instance. The second is obviously the um subject line. So loved your Fast Cash strategy. The third is the messages that come in. And so hey Nick, totally understand these bigger pivots sound exciting and so on and so on and so on and so forth. And so I just want you guys to know like as I'm roasting these emails and then rewriting them, you guys can improve the quality of your outbound emails in three ways. By improving the subject line and the sender, by improving the title, by improving the sender, by improving the subject line, and then also improving this teaser, which tends to be, I don't know, like if we counted this up character-wise, how many is that? Is that about 100 or so? You know, some other ones have longer ones, right? But this is probably somewhere around 100 or so. So, if you guys can get your first 100 characters down to place where it's pretty good, then kudos and awesome for you. All right, let's start with the very first one here from this fellow Carl Charlie Crabtree, which is a pretty cool. And what I'll do is I'll just open up a Google Doc, and inside of the Google Doc I'm going to have like the old copy and then the new one, and then I'll just supply this as basically like a part of, you know, this course that you guys can use to go through. So, we'll call this cold email roasts before and then after. And then what I'm going to do first is I'm just going to copy in Charlie's email. For some say, quick question, Nick. Paste this in. Why don't we just make this an H3, which is a heading three to make it clear this is the subject. >> [gasps] >> Okay, great. So, first things first, you know, we do have to assess it based off using our four-step copywriting formula, right? Is this like something that follows our four steps? What you'll find actually is like a lot of the time they do. And I think this one basically almost does. Let's take a peek. I think to make this way easier I'm actually just going to put up all of these and then actually have the copy right over here. I think that makes more sense. Let me just zoom in so you guys can see it. Okay, so now that I've reset this up, basically the way I'm going to assess these emails is I'm going to assess them based off of these principles of why people would say yes to a message from a stranger. And then after I've assessed it, I'm just going to go through and then I'm going to rewrite the email according to like my four-step copywriting framework. And you guys can see how we could take this and then, you know, ideally make it better. But I do want you guys to know that like I can't test this against the original cuz I don't I'm not like the one who sent the original. So, ideally, anytime you have a hypothesis about whether or not something would work, you wouldn't just like think that it would work and it wouldn't just sound nice. You'd actually go and need to send it, right? There may be a a situation here where one of the emails that um you know I rewrote might actually perform worse, right? There's just no way to know with the market. Uh I'm quite confident in my abilities, so I don't think that would happen. I'm pretty confident I'd realistically absolutely crush every single one of the emails that I I'm seeing here. But still, you know, the recommendation and and my take on it is always just like don't listen to your opinions. Listen to what the market tells you, okay? All right, so the email itself is quick question Nick. Nice, so the guy my name. Hi Nick, I know you reached 290K a month solo in the school games, very cool. Make A School provides incredible value, but it could offer even more. Imagine if your members had 24/7 access to you acting as their personal mentor, always ready to help. This is now a reality. I build custom AIs for school communities to provide hands-on training and exclusivity. The AI is trained specifically in your resources and on your unique voice. Happy to show you how it works over a 15 casual 15-minute video call. How does Thursday 10:00 a.m. sound? Best, Charlie. Well, Charlie, I'm not seeing anything here that tells me that you are giving. What are you giving me? A casual 15-minute video call? Is that really you giving me something? I don't think that's you giving me something. That's you taking something away from me. You've taken away 15 minutes. It's nice that you build custom AIs for school communities and whatnot, but why is that relevant to me? I'm not seeing any sort of realistic value here. Um you're making me do a lot of like mental work in order to come to the conclusion that this thing is beneficial for me myself. It'd be much clearer and easier if you just let me know that this has made money in the past because ultimately as a business owner all I give a [ __ ] about is money. So anyway, uh he's not giving first, so I'm not getting any value there, right? Uh micro commitments. Is he starting with a small ass scaling up naturally? I mean, yeah, he's he's doing a 15-minute video call. So that's pretty good. Actually, I'm going to make this an X. What the heck am I doing? So he didn't do give first, he did do micro commitments and um how's he doing on social proof? Does he show specific name numbered results? Not really. I mean, there's me, but that's not social proof. Authority, any authority here? No, I'm not seeing any authority. How about rapport? I mean, he's using language like very cool. Casual 50-minute video call? I'd say, you know, rapport is like okay, but there's no shared context or anything like that, so. Scarcity, create legitimate urgency with real capacity time constraints. Okay, I'm not seeing anything here that would make me feel scarce. You know, he's almost getting to it here where he's saying make a score advisor incredible value, but it could offer even more imagine if your members had 24/7 access to you acting as their personal mentor always ready to help. Um I think this could have been a good angle where he would have essentially pitched me on the fact that I only have so much time and, you know, there are a bunch of other communities that are growing. Shared identity, does he establish any common ground, same industry, challenge, values? No. So, I mean, like just looking at this kind of quantifiably, he's done basically I would score this like a one out of seven. I would consider this to be a pretty shitty email and I don't say that's to absolutely hurt your feelings, Charlie, whoever you are, you handsome, presumably handsome gentleman. I just think you could have done a a much better job. Okay, so why don't I show you guys how it works? I'm not going to touch the subject cuz I think the subject's fine. Like quick question, quick Q, 290k a month solo, whatever. Like, you know, that's fine. Um but let's rewrite this. Hi, Nick. I know you reached 290k a month solo in the school games is very cool. This is This is okay, you know, like I think there's some realistically like some grammar that he's missing. But imagine if instead, okay, you segmented your audience and you knew that you were talking to men, which is fairly straightforward to do with some filtering. So, huge work on the 290k and I'll say around you know, maybe greater than 290k a month solo men. School games, we're lucky to have you. Okay, so that's going to be my personalization, which is step one out of four. Next up, you know, we've answered the question, is this person a spammer? If they're saying huge work on the 290k a month solo men, school games, we're lucky to have you, odds are probably not a spammer. So, the next question is who the hell is this guy, right? So, here we'd probably rewrite instead of this is now a reality, I would just cut straight to the chase. I build custom apps for school communities that provide hands-on training, and I think what he's really wanting to do is probably just build custom AI coaches. That's probably the simplest way to say what it is he's trying to go for. So, I build custom AI coaches for school communities. Here we're going to need some social proof. I work with a few of the top 20 right now, assuming that he is, maybe he isn't, in which case we wouldn't be able to use this, obviously, but we do need some sort of social proof. Collectively, over $500,000 a month in revenue, and train them specifically on your resources and unique voice. Through this, we've managed to save over 20 hours per week of coach time, which, as I'm sure you can imagine, stacks up quite a bit. Okay, great. So, what are we doing here? We're doing two things. We are quantifying what the social proof is, okay? So, we're turning that X into a yes. And uh now we're also um making it really clear what the value is, again, the return on investment is here. 20 hours per week of coach time, which I'm sure you imagine stacks up quite a bit. Now, what we need to do is we need to imply, okay, that we can do this for them. I'm very I am confident I could save you a tremendous amount of time with your school community. Medicine at a time on your Let's just say working on your school. Your group is basically perfect for this, and there is undoubtedly a lot of heavy lifting you're doing right now that I think you don't have to be. What am I doing? I'm using casual language here and I'm hedging to make it seem as if I actually know who this person is despite the fact that I'm just sending a mass template. And now it's time for the offer. Okay. Can I put my money where my mouth is? Could I build you an AI coach in the next 7 days? And if it doesn't save you, you know, 5 hours per week or more, maybe I want to put my money where my mouth is. Will you let me build you an AI coach in the next 7 days? And if it doesn't save you 5 hours per week or more, a high-quality AI coach in the next 7 days, 100% in your tone of voice. If it doesn't save you 5 hours per week or four, you wouldn't pay a cent. You wouldn't have to do anything to get started other than just send me an invite to your school. I'll handle all of the rest in the background. Let me know if this is worth your time. If so, could show you how it works over a casual 15-minute video call. Can call, can ring you. I don't want to use call twice. 10:00 a.m. today or Thursday. Best, Charlie. Okay. So, let's just reread the before and then the after. Hey Nick, I know you reached 290k months selling school games. Very cool. Make a school provide incredible value, but it could offer even more. Imagine if your members had 24/7 access to you acting as their personal mentor always ready to help. This is now a reality. I build custom AIs for school communities that provide hands-on training and exclusivity. The AIs are trained specifically on your resources and unique voice. Happy to show you how it works over a casual 15-minute video call. How does Thursday 10:00 a.m. sound? Best, Charlie. This one here is from alter ego Charlie, the AI coach version of Charlie. Uh and it's a lot more personalized. Hi Nick, huge work on the 290k months selling on man, games. We're lucky to have you. I build custom AI coaches for school communities. I work with a few of the top 20 right now, collectively over 500k monthly rev, and train them specifically in your resources and unique voice. Through this, we manage to save over 20 hours per week of coach time, which as you can imagine stacks up quite a bit. I'm confident I can save you a tremendous amount of time working on your school. Your group is basically perfect for this, and there's undoubtedly a lot of heavy lifting you're doing right now that I think you don't have to be. This is all cold reading. I want to put my money where my mouth is. Will you let me build you a high-quality AI coach in the next 7 days, 100% in your tone of voice? If it doesn't save you 5 hours per week or more, you wouldn't pay a cent. You wouldn't have to do anything to get this started other than just send me an invite to your school. I'll handle all the rest in the background. Let me know if this is worth your time. If so, could try how it works over a casual 15-minute video call. Can ring you 10:00 a.m. uh today or Thursday. And then maybe we'll sign it off with a thanks, man. You'll see this sort of casual qualification is really important. Now, I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a man that sends to other men for the most part, right? Um if you are a woman sending to much of other women to try and sell them something, and even if it's if it's even tangentially related to, I don't know, femininity or something like that, you know, you could absolutely use language like, "Yo, girl. Hey, girl." Stuff like that. And uh that it it would it would crush as well. But okay, this is the before and after, and hopefully you guys see just how easy it is to take something that is kind of mid, and then just apply the four-step copywriting framework to turn it into something that's probably a lot better. So, I think what I'll do here, just because I want to be able to like run this every single time. I'm just going to move this over here. Then I'll delete all these. And now you can see, are we giving? Yes, we're giving. Why? Because we're offering to build them a high-quality AI coach. So, that right there, my friends, is what we call a check mark. Uh are we asking for micro commitments? Casual 15-minute call? Absolutely. Are we presenting some sort of social proof? Absolutely. Are we demonstrating authority? Yes, I work with a few of the top 20 right now. Are we generating rapport? Okay, school games were lucky to have you. This is very casual, it's very real. Yes. Um are we building some sort of scarcity? Well, what we're doing really is we're suggesting that this person, myself, is is spending a tremendous amount of time working on my school. There's undoubtedly a lot of heavy lifting you're doing right now that I don't think you have to be. This isn't really direct scarcity necessarily. What we're doing is we're basically saying, "Hey man, you only have a certain amount of time in your day. You're pissing it away right now, and we could fix it with this system." So, I mean, I probably could have done a little bit better creating some sort of legitimate urgency. Um but this is still all right. Shared identity, establishing common ground, same industry, absolutely with school, same challenge, same values, 100%. Um so, I mean, like I'm not going to just grade myself and give myself 100%. I think I did okay. Really like an 80% or so in, you know, 2 minutes. But um yeah, much better on all fronts. Next email from Imran over here. You see a major problem is this email tracked with Mail Suite. Because he's adding this to his email to pitch me, we're not even getting into what what he's actually pitching me. Um you know, I'm immediately thinking, "Okay, this guy is just sending me some spam email, right?" His subject line is the word thumbnail approach. And it says, "Hi Nick's Drive Daily Updates. I'm Imran Jamil. I was checking your YouTube channel and watched a few of your videos. The content's very informative. I noticed the thumbnails are decent, but I feel they could be more eye-catching and higher clicks. So, I'm a thumbnail designer. If you want, I can make one upgrade to thumbnail for your next video for free. No pressure at all. Just tell me the topic of your next video, and I'll handle it. Thanks for your time." Then he has his uh you know, little signature down here. Where is it? Oh, he even he doesn't even have a signature down here, actually. Doesn't even say Imran. It just uh says email tracked with Mail Suite. "Thanks for your time, Mail Suite." Okay, so why why don't you use things like Mail Suite? Um you you can use them. I just wouldn't ever have an opt-out on my email. Some people are like really, you know, risk-averse and stuff like that, and they think they need to put opt-outs in every email. I kind of understand why, but uh if you're getting information from LinkedIn, in my humble opinion, that's legitimate B2B comms, and I'm not really worried about stuff like that. >> [gasps] >> So, anyway, the big tell for me is honestly just cutting that up. Um what are some other horrific aspects of this email? Um that he's falling prey to like one of the big issues with templated um you know, copy-paste variables, which is just like when he scrapes my YouTube name, it says Nick Surive Daily Updates. So, this probably works for like more than 50% of them because more than 50% of the people he's pitching, sorry, because they're probably like named their names, right? Like my main channel, this would have worked. Hi Nick Surive, right? Still, the last name's kind of weird, but hi Nick Surive is better than hi Nick Surive Daily Updates. But, hi Nick Surive Daily Updates. It's like my name isn't Nick Surive Daily Updates. My name is Nick, and you would know this immediately if you watched 30 seconds of my content. Hell, if you even just like made it to my page, right? You'd also know it if you built a better scraping system. Another issue here is the fact that he put the comma before the name. That just seems weird, and it makes my name seem templated. Okay, next up, I'm Imran Jameel. I mean like kudos to you for announcing yourself, buddy, but like it says it right here. Why do I need to read it here and then read it right down here? Do I really need the same thing? You're just wasting my freaking time and characters. I was watching your YouTube channel and watched a few of your videos. The content's very informative. So, he's checking your YouTube video and watched a few of your videos. Like personally, I just think this is way too long for what it is. Like you could have just said I watched a few of your videos, right? Same thing. The content's very informative. Nice try on the cold reading. So, that's good. You know, the guy's trying to like make generalized statements that would apply to me, and that's awesome. I noticed the thumbnails were decent. So, he's pretending to have seen my thumbnails, and I can respect a hustler when I see one, but I feel they could be more eye-catching to get higher clicks. Same thing, right? The reality is like all YouTubers will probably think so. So, your content's really informative, and your thumbnails are decent, but I thought they could be more eye-catching to get more clicks. Most people are going to be like, "Yeah, [ __ ] My content is decent, and man, this guy must have clearly watched my shit." Um you know, like assuming there weren't other issues in the email, I'd probably think that. Okay, I'm a thumbnail designer. If you want, I can make one upgraded thumbnail for next video for free, no pressure at all. So, I mean, it's good. He's He's giving me something for free here. But, I mean, I'm a thumbnail designer. Is that really the best you could do? Really? Is there anything else that you could say? I want you to know that who you are is not like the the the the work that you do, okay? Who you are and why it matters are the people that you've worked with the past and the social proof and authority that you could claim to your name. So, I'm a thumbnail designer is weak as hell. No pressure at all. Just tell me the topic of your next video. I'll handle it. What are we What are we missing here? We're missing a time constraint. Thanks for your time, Neil Sweet. Okay, so if I were to rewrite this email, obviously, I'm assuming I have access to the resources to not screw this up so badly. I'd probably go, "Hey Hi Nick." And assuming I have no personalization, no AI stuff, it'd be "Love your channel, man. Have watched so many of your videos. Uh my girlfriend says I listen to you more than I listen to her. Lol." If you got a message like this, what are you thinking? You're thinking this is a real person, right? We have something funny. We have voluntary disclosure of information. We got a lot of [ __ ] So, love your channel, man. I've watched so many of your vids. My girlfriend says I listen to you more than I listen to her. Lol. I make thumbnails for for a few creators around 1 to 2 mil subs right now. Maybe we could say, I don't know if we're if we're trying to like dress it down. Glay, I'm not here to pitch you on paying me or anything. Just noticed your thumbs were leaving some money on the table. IDK how much, but if your CTRs aren't consistently Now, we're we're using YouTuber language here. Why? Because it's creating a sense of shared identity. are consistently hitting, you know, 7 to 8%. I don't know how much, but IMO, your CTRs probably aren't consistently hitting 7 to 8% because of minor placement issues and stuff like that. I really like your stuff as mentioned. Putting it on the table here, I would love to make you a 100% free thumb for a pre-existing or new video. I do this in 48 hours. You just send me over over the title, some bullets, and I give it to you at no cost. Why? Because I want to show you some value up front. I think I can realistically help you in many ways, this just being one. But I know you have to bring food to the table if you want. I know you should bring food to the table if you want to eat. No pressure at all. Just send Just let me know if you want to take me up on this, and I'll shoot it over. Delete that. What was this guy's name? Imran. Okay. All right. So, what we had earlier was I'm Imran Jameel. I'm checking your YouTube channel, watch for your videos. The content's very informative. I noticed the thumbnails are decent, but I feel they could be more eye-catching to get higher quality clicks. I'm a thumbnail designer fella. And I'm going to leave it at that. If you want, I can make a 100% thumbnail for your next video for free, no pressure at all. Just tell me the topic next video, and I'll handle it. Thanks for your time. With Mail Sweet. The upgraded version is Highneck. I love your channel, man. I've watched so many of your vids. My GF says I listen to you more than I listen to her. LOL. I make thumbnails for a few creators, one or two mil subs right now collectively. I'm not here to pitch you on paying me or anything. Just noticed your thumbs are leaving some money on the table. I don't know how much, but IMO your CTR is probably consistently hitting 78% because of minor placement issues and stuff like that. I really like your stuff as mentioned. Putting it on the table here, I'd love to make you a 100% free thumb for pre-existing or new video. I do this in 48 hours. You just send me over some titles and bullets and I give it to you at no cost. >> [snorts] >> Why? Because I want to show you some value up front. I think I can realistically help you in many ways, this just being one. Just let me know uh but I know you should bring food to the table if but I know I should bring food to the table if I want to eat. No pressure at all, just let me know if you want me to take want to take me up on this and I'll shoot it over. Respectfully, Imran. So, I mean like, you know, just sort of quantifying it here. Um what is this doing? This is giving, right? Like we're actually offering to give them something, which is nice. Um we're giving micro commitments. The micro commitment is literally just like send me a title and a topic, so very small. Uh we're demonstrating social proof with the one to two mil. We have authority here as well because we're working with big boys. These two are pretty tied. Rapport, that first line does that job really well. Um scarcity, the whole idea is you basically just want people to think they're losing something. And right now um we're making them feel like we're losing they're losing something. Then shared identity, we're on YouTube. We're we're using terms like CTR, subs, right? Thumbs. These are all pieces of language that people would use if they're really in my industry. And so, not to toot my own horn here, but I think this email would perform reasonably powerfully. Obviously, the big outstanding things are do you have a reasonable case study with one to two mil subs? I want you to know though case studies are a lot easier to make than most people think. Um most people have some sort of background experience that they can weave and and turn into a nice sounding case study, at least for marketing purposes, with I don't know, just a couple of hours of work. All right, next one here from Kashif. We have can I send an all caps uh rough stuff. I'm just going to take a peek here. And I notice that Kashif is unfortunately falling prey to, let's see, what was the subject line? Hi Nick Automates. He's fallen prey to the same sort of problem that we had earlier. And that's where people just scrape your YouTube title. Hi Nick Automates, congrats on getting 35K subscribers, that's awesome. This is actually pretty good. I mean, congrats on whatever, achieving some goal, that's awesome. I mean, if I wasn't you know, so goddamn in tune with this stuff, I'd be like, oh wow, maybe it's real. I watched your video, {comma} uh sorry, {quote} quote, "Use this advanced cloud code prompt to get 10x better results on your AI agent." Great topic. "I think your videos get more watch time if the first 3 to 6 seconds were faster and more exciting. We helped a creator grow from 29k to 61k subscribers in 4 months. We tested different editing styles and used the one that kept people watching longer. If you want, I can send you two to three editing samples of our work, some thumbnail examples, one simple idea you can use right away to grow faster." {capitals} Can I send? Thanks, Kashif Alam. All right, so what did this fellow do right? Well, he's offering to basically do some sort of giveaway. "One simple idea you can use right away to grow faster." You know, the way he's pitching it almost makes me feel like it's something custom for me, even though it's obviously not. Um so that's good, right? So if you think about it like right now, what he's doing is accomplishing sort of that that give first. He's also doing the micro commitments because he's being like, "Can I send?" He has some social proof here. "We helped a creator grow from whatever to whatever." Which is pretty good. And then, I mean, he's trying to do the rapport. I'd give him like a 0.5 on that, okay? He's trying to establish a a sense of shared identity, but I'll be honest, I don't really I don't really get that. The reason why is cuz he's not actually mentioning like who he is or what he does. He's literally just like, "We helped a creator." Immediately, it's like, okay, like why just dive right into that? So I mean, this, believe it or not, is actually a much better email than before, um just avoiding the fact that he absolutely screwed the pooch with Nick Automates. But imagine if it was like, "Hey Nick, congrats on hitting 35k, that's awesome, okay?" You'd actually do do okay. I'd say the big issue is really that plus this. I see this trend a lot, but um people will often put like quotes around a variable, or they will actually like they'll bold it, or they'll do this. If you do this, I know you're just scraping this from the internet. Why would you add special formatting to a variable? The whole idea is you want the variable to seem as if it's built into your email, as if I wrote it myself, right? Your issue is you're using quotes. Why would you use quotes? Don't do that, man. I mean, like if you know somebody's like in AI, okay? There's so many ways you could very easily just like make a make a thing. I watched your last Claude Code video. It's like, oh, you know, if you're scraping creators that make AI content, odds are they probably have a Claude Code video, right? You could you just do this over and over and over and over and over again. And you don't even need any sort of AI-based personalization. You you know, people would 100% eat that up. So, anyway, we're going to remove the subject line. But, obviously, don't screw that up. And And by the way, what are some quick and easy ways to do this? This is wild, but you can literally just like procedurally, you could just any data source you're scraping, just take the first word. Hey Nick Suriya. Hey Nick Automates. Hey Nick Suriya daily updates. If you just took the first word there, it would all be Hey Nick. And odds are if there's a space in the word, it's because the space is their name, okay? Alternatively, it's something like left click. Ink. What happens if you take the first word? Well, now at least you're you have my company name, right? So, just take the first word. Hey Nick. Congrats on 35K, man. That's awesome. Bro, right? You can do a bunch of stuff like that. Awesome work. Been with you since the OG days, and it's great to see you get some traction. Much deserved traction. Okay. I watched your video. Use this advanced clip. I watched your last Claude Code video. And loved it. Extremely valuable. But, to make a long story short, I think you could get much more watch time if you made the first 60 seconds more engaging. Now, this is out of left field. Acknowledging the fact that they don't know who I am and I'm making sort of a a claim here which might upset them. I work with a bunch of YouTubers right now. One of my channels one of my clients just went from 21k to 6 29k to 61k subs in 4 months. We tested different styles and used the one that kept people watching longer. I'm even using a lot of his copy. I know you haven't or I'm aware you haven't heard of me. Willing to prove it. Can I send you Okay, and then it's like, okay, like what what are we actually doing here? Two to three editing samples of our work. Nah, you can't lead with that because this is obviously templated. A couple of thumbnail examples for you. Now, they're going to think that this is unique, which means I'm going to get at least one micro commitment even if I am sending a templated thing. An idea for your next vid. I scraped a bunch of other Claude code, right? We're just going to reuse the same variable here. >> [sighs] >> Claude code idea Claude code YouTubers and have a couple of cool takes for you. Two to three editing samples of my work. Let me know. Thanks, Kashif. All right, so what are we doing here? Um, number one, if I just delete all of these how are we scoring basically? Well, we're giving, right? We have the giving down over here. And I'm actually giving a fair number of things. Uh, we're establishing micro commitments through giving something and then having the person obviously just leverage up and ratchet up from there. I have some social proof because of the 29k to 61k cuz she already had this, which is nice. I'm have some authorities cuz I work with a bunch of different YouTubers and I'm also borrowing their authority by saying we. I'm building rapport with a brief personalization, been with you since the OG days. The hell does that mean? Also, I don't even know like is there a there's no way to verify that or anything. Basically, you're just saying I've been with you for a while. Scarcity. Um you know, I'm I'm establishing that they are losing money because they don't have a simple thing fixed. And then shared identity as well is like we tested different styles use the one that kept people watching longer. So, pretty straightforward fix there. Hopefully, you guys are starting to see a lot of the same trends over and over and over again, right? But see you later, Kashif. All right, next up Grove AI war room setup as a service, which I think is just terrible. But um I know this is being sent from some agent mail at somebody trying to be really cool with AI agents. I just want to show you guys and talk a little bit about why I think that's total trash. And then well, let's actually take the the title as well. So, to make a long story short, there's somebody emailing me trying to pitch me on like some AI automation service. Uh the subject line is Nick space M- space you scale to 72k a month with automation. Here's the next level. The reason why this immediately is like very jarring is because yeah, I mean there's a few reasons. One, human beings just don't really talk like this and there's just so many LLM-isms in the um email itself that like it just it just crushes any hope of somebody actually taking this seriously unless they're 90 years old and they've never gotten an AI email before. So, Nick space M- space you scale to 72k a month with automation. Here's the next level. With a period. Hey Nick, 72k a month with Maker School by teaching automation. You clearly understand what systems can do. What about running your operations with AI agents instead of just teaching others about automation? >> [snorts] >> I'm Grove, an AI CEO running a 10-agent operation system. Each agent specializes in one domain and they coordinate autonomously. Research, sales, marketing, finance, content, engineering, ops, brand strategy, and coordination. For Maker School, this could work two ways. Run your own ops on AI agents, content distribution, student pipeline, financial tracking. White label the war room set up for your students. A new revenue stream teaching AI ops. 500 bucks for a single agent starter, 2500 for the full 10 agent setup. You teach automation, but this is automation that runs itself. And then they even link me. Grove AI SEO war room set up observers. And then for whatever reason I also have their email. All right. So, I mean, like what am I getting here? Nothing. So, they failed to give first, right? I don't get anything. I just get a landing page, which just takes my time. What sort of micro commitments do I have here? Hey, do you want to spend $500? Is that a micro commitment? No. In general, I would never put a price in an email for any sort of service like this. What sort of social proof do we have here? I'm an AI. Okay. Any anything else? Have you done any of this for anybody ever before? No. Authority? Well, I'm actually going to think less of you since you're a robot. So, if you brand yourself as a robot, you're not going to do anywhere near as well as if you brand yourself as a human. Just adds up. Rapport? What sort of rapport? I mean, like you know, obviously we have the attempts at rapport here, but it's so AI bullshitty it doesn't really make any difference. We don't really have any scarcity, and I'll tell you what, explicitly calling yourself a robot does not give me a shared sense of identity. So, how do we make something like this better? Well, first of all, we got to just cut all the links. You can't have links in cold emails, just to be clear. Um it's not recommended to have them even like SMS. It's not really recommended to have them even on like LinkedIn messages. Um although, if you do it low in volume enough, you can you can do okay. And the reason why is because spammers and scammers use this, right? Scammers and spammers will say, "Hey, you know, your bank account needs a top up. Um you're running low and you're on overdraft. Click this link." And then it takes you to like some page where you put in your username and password, and then they steal your credentials. So, Gmail hates that. Outlook hates that. And in general, you just don't want to link in any sort of email. But, you know, a couple other things we could do here is remove the email address as well, okay? And then not brand it like a freaking robot. So, hey Nick. So, you can come up with Maker School by teaching automation. Clearly understand what systems can do. What about running your ops with AI agents instead of just teaching others about automation? Full disclosure, I don't think I'm going to make this email great. I think I'm going to make it okay, passable. Um Hey Nick, so we need some sort of like, you know, introduction basically, um that also personalizes. Hey Nick, know you guys are crushing it at Maker School. By the way, I didn't hit 72K a month with Maker School, I hit 72K a month with Left Click. So, he didn't even get that fact right. Um Maybe I'll just say, "Know you guys are crushing it at Left Click. Nice job on or like huge work on this 72K. Big role model of mine." Okay, so you have something that you could scrape from publicly available information. They have any sort of revenue data. Huge work on the 200K. Huge work on the 400K. Huge work on the 1 mil. I know um I get you clearly understand what systems can do. As somebody who has been scaling outbound teams with AI agents recently, I believe there is some value you're leaving on the table. And I just implemented and I just biggest one being let's just say 250K a month. I believe there is some value you're leaving on the table. TLDR, agent operating systems are extremely high ROI. I don't believe you talk about or probably probably use them right now as they're fairly new. In short, there are OS agent OS's out there that spawn specific agents in different domains and do things autonomously for you. Research, sales, marketing, finance, content, general ops, brand strategy, strategy, etc. I want to build you a white-label offer where we roll these out for your clients. As mentioned, very high ROI, but I'd work mostly on commission. As mentioned, very high ROI and confident this would crush. I am so and I'm so confident this would crush, I'd guarantee you at least 50k in added top-line revenue. Or I'd work for free until I got you you this 100% attributable. Any interest? Could show you in around 15 mins. Can call today around noon or tomorrow 3:30 p.m. That's easier, or I'll send a Google Meet link. Thanks. And we're just going to pretend this person's name is Grove and we're going to delete the rest. Okay. Uh so, also the subject line's just trash, so we should probably redo that. Nick, you scale to 70k a month with automation. So, I'll just say Nick, great job on the 72K a month. I'm going to add the two exclamation points here to make it seem like a real human wrote that and made some mess up. Nick, maybe we'll do Okay. Hey Nick, you know you guys are crushing it at Left Click. Huge work on the 72K big role model of mine. I get you clearly understand what systems can do with somebody who's been scaling in outbound teams with the agents recently, biggest one being 250K a month social proof. I believe there's some value leaving on the table. TLDR agent operating systems are extremely high ROI. I don't believe you talk about or probably use them right now as they're fairly new. In short, there are agent OS's out there that spawn specific agents in different domains and do things autonomously for you. That spawn a whole org chart that does things autonomously for your research, sales, marketing, finance, content engineer, operations, strategy, etc. I want to build you a white label offer where we roll these out for your clients. I'd work mostly on commission. As mentioned, very high ROI and I'm so confident this will crush it, I guarantee at least 50K in added top line revenue. I'd work for free until I got you this 100% attributable. Any interest? Could chat in 15 minutes. Can call today around noon or tomorrow 3:30 p.m. if that's easier or I'll send you a Google Meet link. So, can send you a Google Meet link. Thanks, Grove. All right. So, uh a couple of things that probably stand out here. There is a section where I say mostly on commission. This is valuable because it implies that you're the sort of person that drives outcomes through aligning incentives and then makes a ton of personal upside based off of the upside of the client, right? And in practice, you don't actually need a lot to say this. Like what you could do is you could just add some sort of revenue share component to your offer and as long as you make 51% based off of that, then you could say you work mostly off commission and then you could pitch them using this, get all the upside of like a supposed potential commission offer and then also reap in all of the upside of you know, when you pitch them on the other 49%? This allows you to more or less double dip. Um, it also gives because I'm offering 50k in added top line revenue or I work for free, that's a good offer structure. Uh, we have micro commitments in place because it's a 15-minute call. Obviously it doesn't have to be 15 minutes, you could scale that up to as long as it takes. Usually if somebody's really interested they'll stay on the call. You have social proof here because you're associated with a $250,000 a month business. That's not very hard to do. By the way, that's a $3 million a year business. Yeah, your local mom and pop flower shop might hit, I don't know, half of that. Um, authority, you know, you're somebody that does work with AI agents and it's a big company. Scarcity, sorry, rapport. Uh, you have an okay line. This personalization I consider kind of mid, it's like a seven out of 10. Um, scarcity again, we're we're suggesting that there's value they're leaving on the table, although I wish we could quantify that more. I believe there's some value leaving on the table is less valuable than I believe you're leaving 10 to 20k a month on the table. But that's just going to depend on how much money they're making. What you could do, and what I've done before, is I've actually just like taken whatever revenue signal I can find and then I've just like said, "Hey, I think I can make you another 20k a month." Um, I basically scale the revenue based off of their current revenue. So, if they make 100k, I say, "Hey, I can make you 20." If they say if they make 200, I say, "Hey, I can make you 40." And then I just trust in my own abilities to be able to improve revenue by at least 20%. Okay, shared identity, establishing common ground. Yep, that's what the AI agent stuff can do. I've been scaling up on teams with AI agents two, this one being 250k a month. Um, you know, obviously I'm establishing that. And then, I think the subject line's way better despite the fact that we have two exclamation points. Uh, keep in mind that like our game here is actually purposefully screwing up your emails a little bit so they think it's a person. Then the issue is this person just sent me three more emails like back to back and they're just all [ __ ] right? Like this is this is not going to work, so. As crappy as it is, um, you know, not that good. Okay, and then this fellow over here, who I don't actually know if it's real or not. I mean, like if I was sending out campaigns like this, I would 100% write in the exact same way that he did. Um but uh he's sending me some pitch on some app. So, basically what it is is he's supposing that he's trying to gather feedback for an app of his, which is a good angle to take for people that like you know, like especially creators and stuff like that, they're high up and it's like, "Hey man, just really want your opinion. You made a really big impact on my life." and stuff like that. And you you could pitch them like this with the feedback angle. And then what you could do is on the page, you could actually give them like a really, really sexy thing. Um like give them an offer. "By the way, I noticed X, Y, and Z. Can I make you some money?" Well, because they've already micro committed to giving some feedback, the probability that they'll, you know, actually work with you is is so much higher. Okay, so N8N alt for less technical folks trying to gather feedback. "Hey Nick, I just refound some of your content and have benefited from your videos before. I'm interviewing with a small AI team building an automation platform for low and non-technical folks, even lower bearer with an extra R entry than N8N, perfect for many of your followers. Hoping to find some folks like yourself in the space to test the product free and answer my short survey, which will hopefully help me get hired. Could also be good content for your audience or just a fun thing to try that's a bit different from other platforms. Passing the user research survey link here and hope you're able to try it out, Ivan." And he actually sends me a link, right? So, if I double click, you know, if I click on this, this is obviously looks like a lovable app. I think this might actually be a Typeform. That's so interesting. I don't know if this is a Typeform or if he just set this up, but anyway, then he uses what is clearly Anthropic-inspired design to pitch me and ask me some questions. And uh yeah, like the thing that's weird is he sent me this from a Gmail. But um if he actually did custom handwrite this, then this is a very, very poor icebreaker, very, very poor personalization. So, kind of here like, you know, obviously he's looking for something that's a little different from what other people are looking for, and that's why I selected it cuz um I wanted to show you guys just all the different things you can use cold emails for. But like what is he giving me here? He's giving me nothing. What's he doing micro commitment-wise? Passing a user research survey link. Well, do you know how much time it would take me to actually do this thing? I mean, like this is pretty long, right? Part one of three? Terrifying. I have to add all this freaking context here? I have to enter so much information. I'll try the platform in the middle. 15 to 20 minutes. Oh my god, that's terrifying. So, no. I mean, like I don't I don't really think he's giving me anything with that. He's just taking more time away from me. Social proof, he downplays it. Small AI team. Why you downplay it? He's working with other people. I mean, some of these people could be important. If he's working with a team on AI stuff, odds are they probably have some like worthwhile experience or they worked with somebody that is blowing up right now, right? Authority, none. Rapport, some of it. I mean, like this is okay, but I want you to know this is, as mentioned, quite a poor personalization line. How about scarcity? I'm not seeing any scarcity here at all. Hey, it could be good content for your audience. When people pitch me stuff like this, it's literally like, "Hey, could you do something for me?" It's like, "Why would I do that for you?" This doesn't make any sense. Do you have any idea how much money people are willing to pay for a videos like this? Like, you know, I get pitched $25,000 offers to like make YouTube videos on on tools. Obviously, I don't do it because I don't want to like sell my reputation like some, you know, person in a brothel a couple hundred years ago. Um, but the point that I'm trying to make is like, this is a very valuable service, right? Making videos on it. You could make videos. It's like, "Oh, wow. That's a really simple and easy way to establish that we do not have a shared identity because you do not understand sort of what's going on in my head." And then obviously he's adding a link down below. So, I mean, like, you know, this is like a zero out of seven email. It's pretty poorly written. Sorry, Ivan, but you know, we can definitely make it better. So, I mean, honestly, I could just copy and paste the same intro that I've done for this one here. And this would work really well. And you could send this to any YouTuber for anything. I'm sure tons of people probably will after this video, so I don't know. Maybe you can't, but um right now it works really well. Uh I'm interviewing with a small AI team. I'm work I'm interviewing with an AI team. I don't know, a 10 mil plus AI team in San Fran. We're or they're, I guess if you're interviewing with them, building automation platform for non low technical folks. Even lower barrier entry than an eight on. But just as powerful. And I think I have something that's that had improved the lives of many of your followers. Okay, so what are we doing now? Now we're actually aligning incentives. I care about improving the lives of my followers. I I presume most people on YouTube. Maybe they don't actually, but you know, in my case, this is something that's important to me. So, that's me establishing a sense of shared identity. >> [sighs and gasps] >> Okay, and I think I have something to improve the lives of many of your followers. I'm hoping to find some folks like yourself in the space to test the product free and answer my short survey, which will hopefully get help get me hired. So, let me just take a look at this. $1,000 a thousand in free credits on the platform. So, what is a thousand free credits on the platform? Okay? 30 bucks, 50 bucks. I'm hoping to find some folks like yourself in the space. So, no. I look up to you. And just you know, commissioned $50 in credits. Would you be interested at all to test the product for around 5 mins and let me know what you think? You would a, be getting something potentially useful for your YouTube channel. Really out of the box. You'd be a, be getting something potentially useful for your YouTube channel since it's interesting and novel and b, potentially helping me get hired. Okay. Let me know. It's called XYZ. And you know, if Ivan has to add a link linking it here, then I would actually add a link. But I would do so really bluntly and overtly. I'd also thank for my time. Cool. All right, cool. Letting you guys see this now. The final product is "Hey Nick, love your channel, man. I've watched so many of your vids. My GF says I listen to you more than I listen to her, lol. I'm interviewing with a 10-mil plus AI team in San Fran. They're building a really out-of-the-box automation platform for no non / low technical folks. Lower barrier to entry than I N N, but just as powerful. And I think it have something that would improve the lives of many of your followers. I look up to you and just commissioned you 50 bucks in credits. Would you be interested at all to test the product for 5 minutes? Let me know what you think. You would A, be getting something potentially useful your YouTube channel since this is interesting and novel, and B, potentially helping me getting get hired." Let me know. It's called XYZ Twin, and I'm linking it here. Thanks for the time, Ivan. Do I think we could have done better with this? For sure. But what are we doing? We're making it really clear what just happened. I gave you something. Me giving you free access to this app, like that's something, right? So, we are giving first. We have micro commitments since I make this out to be really, really small. And maybe the first page is really small. By the way, you know, if I'm doing this, I would go back to the app and I would eliminate this. And then I would also, instead, if I have a time, I'd say 5 minutes up here. Okay? I wouldn't add part one of three and stuff like that. Just to be clear, I mean, that's just like unnecessary. You're just making it way harder for yourself. So, give first micro commitments. I have social proof a little bit with this 10-mil AI team. This is kind of convoluted of an email anyway cuz he's interviewing with them, right? Kind of weird, right? Still. Um he has a little bit of authority working with an AI team, even though 10 mil isn't all that much for that industry. He's building some rapport up top. You know, there's no real scarcity, although I'd lose 50 bucks in credits. 50 bucks in credits expires end of week. Would you be interested at all to test the product for 5 minutes? Cool. So, this actually now solves all of these problems. Then finally, shared identity. You know, he's working with an AI team, which is kind of cool. Then obviously, he watches a lot of my videos. He probably speaks my language and stuff. You know, he's still including a link in the email, which is unfortunately going to tank his deliverability over time, but maybe he's only sending this to 10 or 15 people, who knows? Point that I'm making is that you you can just copy and paste this to 10 or 15 people, and you get 10x the results of what he just sent. All right, this is a sponsorship email, and there a lot of people that could do really well here, but unfortunately, like they just they can't really seem to hack it. And it sucks because I was actually thinking about like starting my own sponsorship agency a while ago because I'm like, "Man, I would crush in this space. People here blow." Anyway, so what are the problems here? Paid collaboration RunDiffusion. This is actually like a pretty cool software platform, I'm pretty sure, right? Yeah, like I'm pretty sure this is like a Yeah, this is like a website builder, and it's kind of neat. So, yeah, anyway, it's a cool platform and stuff, but the way this email was written is quite poor. Hi, no personalization. We're looking to partner with tech creators for short-form collaborations on TikTok, Reels, Shorts. RunDiffusion is an AI platform that turns a single prompt into finished slides, websites, and videos in seconds. We'd love to understand your pricing for a three-video deal. We're also offering 100% affiliate rev share for the first 2 months in every paid signup. Best team, RunDiffusion. So, I mean, like is this giving me anything first? I mean, they're pitching first 2 months in every paid signup and stuff like that, but they're not really giving me anything, right? Micro-commitments, anything here? Pricing for a three-video deal? I mean, like um kind of, I guess. >> [gasps] >> You know, just send me the pricing, and we'll talk. Social proof, uh it's like mediocre social proof, I would say. Obviously, this is like an established company, but they could have done way better. They could have said, you know, "We've raised XYZ dollars." Hey, you know, "We made all this money. Hey, we have all this success." And I'm pretty sure they have cuz to me, that's almost like a It seems like a household name, right? Man, what a what a name. So, no, they haven't done any social proof. They could. Authority, they missed out on that. Zero rapport, scarcity, none. Shared identity, none. So, I mean, like this is pretty poor. It's like a one out of seven, right? And it sucks because whoever's running Team Runable is really just leaving the ball on the table here. You guys could be printing, folks. Printing. Let me show you how I'd rewrite that email. To a creator. First of all, whatever they're using to scrape here, just scrape the creators and then their their names because all of the creators that would be interested in pitching this right now, literally just all use their names. It's like Nick Seraf, right? Um not going to name any other names, but [laughter] yeah, you know, it all be Nick. So, anyway, you keep in mind if I'm reading an email, okay, and then it's from Runable, you know, it's like a big company. Like I'd actually see it in the teaser, right? So, "Hi Nick from Runable, we're we want to offer you money." Right? Like I mean the subject line could literally be like instead of paid collaboration Runable, it'd be like "Hey Nick, Runable wants to send you money." I mean like that is that is just way better, way better of a pitch than paid collaboration Runable, right? Anyway, um "Hi Nick, we absolutely love your your channel, so no BS and straight to the point. That um I don't know, you're a common lunch topic or something like that. Let's say you're pitching people above 10,000 subscribers, that's an entirely possible thing to say. Um topic over lunch at the Runable HQ, well. I, okay, and it's better to use I language than we language here. I would love to partner with you. Cutting to the chase, I would love to partner with you. You may not know us if you if you didn't know us already, we an AI platform that turns a single prompt into fully finished slides, websites, and videos in seconds. Basically, your all-in-one marketing tool. Basically, an all-in-one marketing tool that stops you from having to jump around 10 tools. I don't actually know 100% if that is the total value proposition. on a TikTok reel short. would be willing to offer generous rates. If you don't know us already, we're an AI platform. K, cool. And we'd be extremely valuable for your audience. I hope this comes at a great time. Would you let me know your pricing for a three-video deal? I'm also I don't even know if I do this because now I'm just giving away my hand on the negotiation, so I probably just not. I hope this comes at a Would you let me know your pricing for a three-video deal? If you're interested and keen, we can sort out a collaboration before the end of the week, assuming I'm sending early on the week. Best, you know, Peter at Runnable. Okay, and maybe Peter is like the marketing director. So now, it's Hey Nick, Runnable wants to send you money. Hi Nick, we're absolute We absolutely love your channel. So no BS, it's straight to the point. You're a common topic over lunch at the Runnable HQ. LOL. Cutting with the chase, I would love to partner with you on a TikTok reel {slash} short. We'd be willing to offer generous rates. If you don't know us already, we're an AI platform that turns a single prompt into fully websites, and videos in seconds. Have raised, I don't know, 10 mil, whatever amount they've raised. Have raised 10 mil. Basically, an all-in-one marketing tool that stops you from having to jump around 10 websites. And in my earnest opinion, we'd be extremely valuable for your audience. Would you let me know your pricing for three video deal? If you're interested and keen, we can send out a sort out a collaboration for the end of the week. Best, Peter Runable. I guarantee you, this probably has like a like a 2% uptake. This over here would probably have like a like a 5 to 10% uptake. And if you're running any sort of like affiliate agency or whatever, like give give this a try. So, why does this work so well? It gives because we are Pretty much the only thing we're missing is some form of giving. Um and probably the best and easiest way to do this. If you're interested and keen, I can send you I don't know $250 in Runable credits today and we can sort out a collaboration for the end of the week. There we go. That That looks great. So, now that we have that, what are we doing? We're giving first with the credits. We have micro commitments cuz we're just asking for a deal. We have social proof because we've raised some money. We have authority as well. We're a big company. We have rapport since we're chatting about, you know, speaking about them over lunch at the Runable HQ. I'm not seeing tons of scarcity in my own campaign here. That's usually one thing I forget, but that's all right. And then shared identity, you know, we have a shared sense of identity because we're like an AI platform and you know, this person is in the AI space. And we're talking one-to-one, right? It's like mono a mono here. It's Nick to Peter, Peter to Nick. It's not, you know, the the Runable team, right? So, whether or not, you know, you guys are working on like a big SaaS company or whatever, you can apply the same sort of approach to whatever outbound campaign. Whether it's like selling a service, whether it's selling a physical product, whether it's fundraising, whether it's looking to partner with people via some sort of sponsorship or affiliate, whether it's selling thumbnails. I mean, like hopefully you guys see. It's all basically variants of the same stuff. All right. Nick at 1 Second Copy from Peter at morningsideadvisors.info. All right. So, what's going on here with this? Well, there are a couple things. The first is uh I don't actually run this company anymore. We uh had to shut down. >> [sighs and gasps] >> So, that's obviously a red flag. Second is seems to be like a lot of weird spaces here. Third, he didn't actually name the uh the company right. The C here is capitalized. I'm not sure where that came from. Who knows? Maybe he meant to do that. And then fourth, Nick at One Second Copy, "Hey Nick, are you in charge of marketing / growth at One Second Copy? We support companies refine their value proposition, align marketing and sales handoff, and put simple attribution in place CAC LTV conversion drop-offs. For teams like One Second Copy, this often means improved conversions, shorter sales timelines timelines, and a clear end-to-end follow-through, better sales and marketing alignment. Open to a quick 15-minute chat. Thank you, Peter." I'm just going to cut this a little shorter cuz I don't like how it's all over the place. He also has a very illustrious email signature he just can't see. "Kind regards, Peter Belur, the managing partner at Morningside Advisors." I'd probably just go "Thanks, Peter." personally, but hey, who knows? Maybe Morningside Advisors means something different to them than it does to me. Uh all right. So, first of all, "Hey Nick, are you in charge of marketing and growth at One Second Copy?" I understand why he's doing this. He's doing this because it's like a very easy pitch to make. Um are you in charge of Are you the decision maker of a thing? And then I have a very easy, if you think about it, micro commitment cuz you could just say yes, and then it's like yes, I am. Why? >> [sighs and gasps] >> Biggest issue, this doesn't make any sense. We will support companies refine their value proposition. What What does that even mean? I was squinting at it earlier if you guys can tell. Uh and it's just cuz it doesn't make any sense. So, we support companies in refining their value proposition. And also, what is that? We support companies in refining their value proposition. That sucks. Also, why is it a we and not an I? I want to talk to you, Peter. I don't want to talk to your company. So, "Hey Nick, are you in charge of marketing / growth at One Second Copy?" We could We could take this angle. Um you know, it's just not going to sound as good, and that's okay. Why Why don't we just ask then? "Hey Nick, are you in charge of marketing / growth at One Second Copy?" Rather than over complexifying the hell out of all this stuff, I'm just going to say I build We build sales systems. I've been following you guys for a while. I build sales systems for 5 mil to 10 million dollar a year marketing companies. To make a long story short, it's sales funnels, attribution. I think my chicken's going bad. One sec. Right, so this is currently very complicated. We support companies who found their value proposition line marketing and sales handoffs and put simple funnel attribution in place. Despite the fact that as a marketing company, I will know what this means. I'm writing it basically like PhD level for like a grade three audience. So, first thing I'm going to do is I'm just going to add some personalization. Uh Love your design, by the way. Short, simple. Is it going to convince 100% of people? No. It's going to convince like 50% of people? Yeah, which is much better than what we currently have. >> [sighs and gasps] >> Love your design, BTW. Um Reaching out because we help a very similar company right now, and ideally it would be a some sort of marketing company, XYZ marketing, 5 mil a year, with their funnel. In the last 3 weeks, we've generated around $50,000. I do this primarily because I help a very similar company right now. In the last 3 weeks, we've generated. Cool. I do this primarily via um s- funnel attribution. Basically, I help you figure out your CAC conversion drop-offs and then fix the leaks. I am given how similar you are to my past clientele, I'm very confident we could help you. Given how similar you are to our past clientele, I'm very confident we could help you guys. So much so that I'd be willing to guarantee you 10K in the next 60 days or you don't pay. I know this is the first you're hearing of me and I'm cognizant you may not be entirely comfortable the prospect of working with a stranger. But I've done enough research to know when there's an opportunity. And given the size of your funnel, I think I could crush it for you. Totally hands-off, no strings. We'd only need to talk once for around 15 to 30 mins. And I'd take care of everything else in the background. I don't know how the hell I'd actually fulfill this offer. To be clear, I don't even know what their offer is though, so hopefully you'll forgive me for having some latitude. Let me know if this makes any sense at all and I can and I'll give you a ring whenever is convenient today or tomorrow. 3:30 p.m. question mark Then I'll just say, "Thanks, Peter." All right. So, what's going on here? This email's obviously way longer, right? And a pattern here has been that I've made most of these emails a little bit longer. And I want you to know it's not because I actually think you need long emails. It's just the way that these emails are written before I do the changes. They're extraordinarily vague. They're they don't have any like concrete offer. And so, if I am to rejig the email with or just writing a whole entirely new one myself, um I have to maintain components that they have pre-existing and then I also have to write my own. But um in in these guys' cases, I think I think it's actually necessary because it sounds like they have a pretty complicated offer. Well, it doesn't even sound like they have an offer. I mean, they're just saying open to a 50-minute chat. But it sounds like they have a pretty complicated thing. And um I feel like it's when you sell something really complicated, you have to like really work the customer up to something like this. You have to build a lot of value. So, now the email goes, "Hey Nick, are you in charge of marketing / growth at One Second Copy? Love your design, by the way. Reaching out cuz I have a very similar company right now, XYZ Marketing at 5 million a year with their funnel. In the last 3 weeks, we generated a 50k. I did this primarily via simple funnel attribution. Basically, I help you figure out your CAC, LTV, conversion drop-offs, then fix the leaks. Given a similar ROI to our past clients, I'm very confident we can help you guys. So much so that I'd be willing to guarantee you 10k in the next 60 days or you don't pay. Now, this is the first you're hearing of me and I'm cognizant you may not be entirely comfortable with the prospect of working with a stranger, but I've done enough research to know when there's an opportunity and given the size of your funnel, I think I can crush it for you. Totally hands-off, no strings. We'd only need to talk once for 15 to 30 minutes and I'll take care of everything else in the background. Let me know if this makes any sense at all and I'll give you a ring whenever is convenient today or tomorrow. 3:30 p.m. So, you know, we're taking this super kind of Spartan thing with just the name, right? And then we're actually adding a lot more context and we're making it a little bit more personalized. So, how's the scoring? I mean, like, you know, technically we do give cuz we're willing to do the offer. Uh technically, we have some small micro commitments where you only need to talk once and that's it. We have a little little of social proof with the 50k. And then we also have the authority with the marketing company we work with. The rapport is very minimal here, right? I mean, this is just a question and then love your design, by the way, but campaigns like this have worked and I've done them before. Um we're lacking the scarcity here, but we do have a sense of shared identity because, you know, we've generated around $50,000. So, I'm going to give this rewrite like uh I don't know, seven out of 10 realistically. This next email is hilarious because I've no idea what it would it would even means to say, but um you will find a tremendous number of emails just like this out there. >> [sighs and gasps] >> Now it is, unfortunately, cuz people just don't get like that the idea of cold. Um Nick, slow pacing kills retention before your best content even lands. Still happy to show you what a tighter cut looks like free on your next video. Interested? Best Reardon. And now that I'm actually thinking about it, this person's probably sent me another email before, which is probably why it reads like such trash. So, why don't I just search this up? Okay, yeah, and I I did find the original email. It's this one here. Most creators lose views in the first 60 seconds. Um literally that the title is just collaboration idea. So, Nick, [snorts] most creators lose viewers in the first 60 seconds not because the content's bad, but because pacing is off. I fix that. Tighter edits, better emphasis, more watchable videos. Want a free sample edit of your next video? Best Reardon. What are we doing here? It's super short, that's nice. Short's nice. Um it's giving some free sample edit. Nice. A micro commitment? Well, I don't know. Want a free sample edit for my next video. What do I have to do in order to get this? They're not really making it clear. We don't even have a time constraint or anything. I don't think we have a micro commitment here. We actually have kind of a scary commitment. Social proof, no. Authority, no. Rapport, no. Scarcity, no. Shared identity, no. So, all we really have first is the fact that they give, and that's okay. All right, and then I'm not a fan of that subject line personally, collaboration idea. Not a fan. I mean, like collaboration idea let me collab with you or something might be a little better. Why? Cuz it just sounds more human. And if you're sending to somebody that like has a fair amount going on, let me collab with you is totally a fair thing that some people might say. Another big issue here is everything is just walled like it's like three lines in a row. You want some breathability and then another one is um like why is this capitalized? And it's on the same line. But also, most creators lose viewers in the first 60 seconds. That's vague and that's general. I'm I don't want you to give me an email newsletter that just is like, "Most creators lose viewers in the first 60 seconds, not because the content is bad, but because the pacing is off." That reads like a TV commercial. I don't want a TV commercial. I want you talking to me. So, Nick, you are losing a tremendous number of viewers in the first 60 seconds right now. Let me fix your watch time. Nick, you're losing a tremendous number of viewers in the first 60 seconds right now, not because your content is bad. It's not. It rocks. But because your pacing is off. Will you let me fix that for you? I do XYZ X for Y you know, 5 mil subs. And can one shot deliver tighter edits a tightly edited 60-second sequence for you? No strings, but I'd be happy to give you a free sample edit in around 48 hours. Just send me the raws the raw footage in a Google Drive link with sharing on and all. With sharing on. Okay. Okay, cool. So, this rewrite isn't perfect. Happy to do this for you anytime this week. Okay, this email is imperfect, but um let me fix your watch time. Nick, you're losing a tremendous number of viewers in the first 60 seconds right now. Not because your content is bad, it's not, it rocks, but because your pacing is off. Will you let me fix that for you? I do editing, you know. I edit for insert big name here of 5 mil subs and can one shot deliver a tightly edited 60-second sequence for you that is as good or even better. No strings, but I'd happy but I'd be happy to give you a free sample at in around 48 hours. Just send me the raw footage in a Google Drive link with sharing on. Happy to do this for you anytime this week. Best read on. So, we're giving, we have micro commitments to send me the raw footage. We're actually making it clear. We have a time constraint as well. We have social proof. We have some authority. We're not building a lot of rapport, okay? Aside from this line, so I'd say like a point five there. Scarcity is handled by happy to do this for you anytime this week. Then, we also have uh some sense of shared identity and so far they'll understand how this works. I also understand, you know, some YouTube terminology and stuff like that. It's not perfect. Maybe a point five on on the send as well. Uh but still, I mean, you know, for a really short punchy email, this is about as good as you can get. Okay, and that takes me to probably like the big daddy one from um this fella, Marissa or Chuck. Marissa Kincaid. Uh I thought this was actually pretty good. And we also have a Loom embed, which uh I wanted to bring some attention to. You can do Loom embeds and stuff like that. And uh just show you guys what that looks like because the format's a little bit different. So, I don't think I can actually Hold on a sec. Can I embed the Loom? No, I can't embed the Loom. It's kind of annoying. All right. Well, anyway, why don't we just leave this link in here and then um we'll worry about that after. But uh yeah, um what it's saying is High Stacked Podcast, right? So, it's using, you know, Stacked Podcast, not the actual name. And that's unfortunate because you just know like if this wasn't bad, um I might have actually thought this was a real one. And I might have thought this was a real one because of this Loom embed with like a person's face and then, you know, ultimately my YouTube channel. This is a podcast I run with Jack. >> [gasps and sighs] >> So, High Stacked Podcast. I just watched your video about the AI crisis here and felt like I had to send this. I'm actually sending this on behalf of fellow creator @ZTH Training. We got about a million followers on multiple platforms and our founder Harris is now helping other creators along with our team. We're confident we could help you make additional rev consistently by launching or scaling your online community or coaching program and growing your audience by 15 to 30k new people. I know it's a bold claim, but we have gotten proven results. We have millions of followers who made over seven figures from social media ourselves. Our other co-founder personally made you a short video for you to say hello and go through how it works and asked me to send this message to you. Right. We've helped a multitude of other creators just like yourself in a multiple case studies. We're reaching out because we think we can do the same for you and they have a ton of value to provide your audience. And we do all of this on a complete results-based model, which means if you don't profit, we don't profit and you cannot lose. That's how much we believe in what we do. We'd love to understand more about your goals with the channel for the future. Are you opposed to having a quick chat in the coming days so we can talk through this? Okay, so I mean like this could have been freaking awesome. But a few things here are really crushing it. Okay, so why don't I start by rating this? Um does this give first? No. There's nothing here that gives. It's just a call. Are there micro commitments? No. We're just saying quick chat. Quick chat here is so vague and general. It could be 30 minutes, could be an hour. If anything, you're taking my time. Um social proof. Uh they have tons of social proof and they have tons of authority as well. Uh where's their rapport? Uh well, they kind of screwed that up. I mean, it could have been pretty good. They screwed that up, so they don't have any of that. Um they don't have any scarcity and then they don't have any shared identity as well. Or actually, maybe they do have shared identity. They're trying to go for fellow creator, but I'll be honest, they're they're just they're trying so many different things that's not working. So, I'm sending this on behalf of fellow creator. So, I'm not actually this person. Also, we have a founder named Harris. Also, our other co-owner asked me to send this message to you and they also made you a short video. I mean, there's like five million things going on here, right? So, this is a good example of an email that's too long as opposed to too short. And if they touch it up a little bit, it would perform significantly better. So, let me show you how I do this. So, first of all, obviously we need to fix this. Um, um you know, my recommendation is just like don't use naive data scraping techniques like this. Unless you are, you know, okay to lose a big chunk of the time. But, um, you know, really be high neck just watched your vid on the AI crisis and felt like I had to send this to you. Okay, long story short, we've got about we've got around 1 mil followers on multiple platforms. I work with podcasts. Platform that we work with podcasts like you very often. Your stuff is fantastic. I am extremely confident I could help you make additional revenue consistently. I and my team could help you make additional revenue consistently by launching or scaling your online community. An online community program group. I could also or we could also very easily grow your audience by 15 to 30k new people. I know it's a bold claim. But, we've got proven results. Many millions of followers and around seven figures from social media ourselves in the last, I don't know, month year. I I think what I do is instead of leaving my offer all the way down to the bottom, I probably stick it up at the top cuz it's going to be pretty long, right? So, okay, so long story short, you got 1 million followers model popular with a podcast like you very often. I want to give you 15 to 30k followers and I do this on an entirely results basis. Mhm. Okay, I think I'd probably do this. on basis. Plus 10 to 20k a month and I do this for you on an entirely results basis. I'm extremely confident I and my team can help you do this by A marketing your pod more effectively and B launching growing an online community program group. Better to use the word growing than launching or scaling because it's clear when you use launching or scaling you're trying to account for all possible options and this is a template. I know it's a bold claim. Our other co-owner personally made you my co-founder personally made you a short vid. Personally made you a short vid to say hello. Hello. Let's say to review stacks a bit and say hello. Linking it here for convenience. And I'm going to link it and then down over here I'll just cut all the stuff out. Cool. Are you opposed to having a quick chat in the coming days? So, what I'm going to do Are you opposed to having a quick I'm just going to say 15 to 30 min chat in the next few days so we could talk through this. I know you're on ET time. Can give you a ring at 3:30 p.m. today or tomorrow. Thanks, Peter. All right, so before you know, 3 million miles long and the offers all over the place. After, Heyneck, just watched your video on the AI crisis, felt like I had to send this to you. Okay, long story short, we got 1 mil followers on multiple platforms and I work with podcasts like you very often. Your stuff is fantastic, right? This is supposed to justification for I'm reaching out. I want to give you 15 to 30k followers plus 10 to 20k a month. I do this for you on an entirely results-basis. I'm extremely confident I and my team could help do this by A, marketing your pod more effectively, pod instead of podcast. And B, growing an online community program group. I know it's a bold claim, but we got proven results. Many millions of followers and around seven figs from social media ourselves in the last year. My co-founder personally made you a short video review stacked a bit and say hello, linking it here for convenience. Are you opposed to having a 15 to 30-minute chat in the next few days so we can talk through this? I know you're in ET time, can I give you a ring at 3:30 p.m. today or tomorrow? Thanks, Peter. So, what is this doing? It's giving We have small micro commitments. We have lots of social proof and authority. We're building rapport now. We have uh not a lot of scarcity, but we do have a fair amount of shared identity. The The way you'd add scarcity to something like this is you'd probably mention how your I don't know, currently in talks with a few other podcasts or something like that. And because this is a very long email, that's actually somewhat believable. By the time somebody makes it down here, they're like, okay, I mean, this person's obviously done a lot of work with the video. Alternatively, you might actually include that section there offhand as a comment in the video. Um probability that somebody watches the video is lower than the probability that somebody will read the email, but it's still pretty good. Okay, cool. Hopefully, you guys have learned everything to do with just how to take a shitty email and then turn it into a better one. As you see, we employ the four-step framework basically every time. Um the rewrites on net are a little bit longer, but they also make use of generalized statements and cold reading to really like imply or explicitly state that like we know who you are and I've been following you for a while and I like you and I I pre-established relationship with you. We're knocking literally all of these out of the park and we're doing it across a variety of different offers, services, um industries, and and so on and so forth. So, that makes me pretty happy because we've actually made it through most of the course already. All we need to do now is chat about specific platforms, then do subject lines, follow-up iterations, talk a little bit about AI before discussing advanced outbound techniques. All right. So, next up, I want to talk about all of the different types of cold outbound and how every platform will vary just a little bit compared to the other. Obviously, [snorts] I've been doing a lot of cold email so far and cold email is great. So, we're going to start out with that and I'll enumerate all of the different levers you can pull. Once I'm done with that, I also want to cover things like LinkedIn. I want to cover X. I want to cover Instagrams. I want to cover iMessages and SMSs and so on and so forth. Okay. And in that way, you guys will have full granular insights into how to optimize messaging across all of these. So, you can take the four-step copywriting framework that I've shown you and you can squeeze it either into significantly fewer characters or expand it into significantly more. Okay. So, first thing here is I have, uh, you know, like some cold emails that people have sent me. And I was just looking at one by this fellow, Malik. Fellow or chick, I'm not entirely sure. And literally just just putting this first and foremost, I just want you guys to take a look at what we're seeing here. If you were like a robot and you were tasked with optimizing my cold and if I were Malik Smooni what are all of the different parts of the email at every part along the customer journey that you would look at? So, the very first thing that you would look at, if we are being pragmatic and we are is their name. And so, their name is a signal, okay? That you can use and take advantage of. It's a space of I think up to like 20 characters or something like that. As you see, some other people's names are a little bit longer. This gives off some information to me as somebody that is considering communicating or accepting some sort of outreach with this person. You know, it might communicate to me where they're from. It might communicate to me their business name or their email address, right? Might communicate whether they're the sort of person that like signing off just as Malek or Malek Smoot first name last. You know, there are of different strategies and thoughts here. In general, I recommend just writing your first name and your last name. If it's something that you think would be kind of scary or intimidating the person, then obviously find a way to like rejig it. But this is literally the first piece of information that people will look at. And so what I'm going to do, okay, is I will make a comprehensive document here called all of the different things you can optimize for your outbound. And I want you to know that I optimize all of these things. I don't just do the actual body of the email, I do everything. Okay, so we'll start with cold emails. And as mentioned, the very first thing you can optimize right off the bat, not even looking at at at anything else here, is the name of the sender, sender. And it's around 20 characters, okay? So the very first thing you can do is you can optimize the name of the person. I personally recommend always adding like a full name or something like that. Moving over to the right here, the next major thing you can optimize as you guys can see is the actual subject line of the email. So, variety of different strategies here. As you see, events in Maker School, that was a a piece of average quick collab, that was a piece of average. This is a newsletter that I sent, the simplest way to scale past your income ceiling. But there are a variety of different like ways and strategies and things you can do here. Hopefully I've shown you that typically the key with a subject line is writing something that a friend might have sent you. Something that was like informal, something that's somewhat casual, something that like inspires a little bit of plausible deniability. Hey, uh do I know this guy? Malek, hmm, I feel like I've heard that name before, right? Um and then finding a way to write it in such a way that it also makes sense with the rest of this, which uh which I'll cover in a second. Okay, so first you have uh the ability to change the name of the sender. You have the ability to change, I don't know why the hell that's so different. I don't like that at all. Let's do that. The subject Oh, I don't like that either. I don't know what's going on with my sizing here. Okay, all right. I see. I'm being kind of silly. I wrote them all as as heading number threes. Anyway, um name of the sender, the subject line, and I'd I'd give you like a character cut-off here, but the subject line and the teaser actually interact. Um and then the teaser. So, this is the subject line over here, everything in white. This over here on the right, which is sort of in like darker white or gray, um is the first, I don't know, like it combined is something like 150 characters or so. This also changes depending on which um specific platform that you're on, but you know, in my case, quick idea in your daily strategy content. Hey Nick, sorry you're shifting to sharing daily strategy in the way you just think loud loud wild dot dot dot. This is being truncated at approximately 150 characters. So, what that means is combined, you know, if your subject line is shorter, you'll have more room in your teaser. You know, if your subject line is lot longer, you'll have less room in your teaser. It also means things like this, okay, tend to impact um the how much of the email that you actually end up reading. And so, this [snorts] is sort of like an automatic thing that email platforms will typically put in. It's like a front matter for the email. On Tuesday, March 17th, on Tuesday, 17th of March, and so on and so forth. If you can find ways to eliminate all unnecessary characters, then you can usually add significantly more uh text and and stuff like that. I think in this case, this is just what occurs when your email is short. So, at minimum, you typically want your email to be at least 150 characters or so. If it's shorter than that, you're just going to end up with a bunch of blank white space, which looks silly. Okay? So, the teaser. So, this subject line is probably going to be somewhere between like 30 to 50 characters. This over here is going to be somewhere between like 50 to 100 characters. Any unused space in your subject line and teaser gets filled with uh metadata, which is just like the time information. On Tuesday, March 19th, whatever. So, what that means is there's no reason not to send the entire total number of characters. I wrote 148 down here. That's how much I uh tested on for that top email, but I want you to know that like sometimes that'll vary. You know, if people zoom in and zoom out and stuff like that, obviously that's different. On average, um people are going to have about the same screen size as me. Um so, yeah, you'll you'll be looking somewhere around 100 148 150 characters. So, that is just before you even click into the freaking email itself. That's all the different things you can optimize for up on. Most people only know one of those, and that's the subject line. But, you can get really creative and you can use the subject line in conjunction with the teaser and the name of the sender to make some really cool campaigns um happen. Okay, anyway, now, once I click on this email, we see a lot of the same information restated, okay? But, then we have some more as well. So, what do we have up here at the top? We obviously have the subject line, right? Also, what do we have underneath? We have the name. But, then if you think about it, we have something new. We actually have the email address as well. So, that's one. Over here, we have the profile pic. That's two. People will judge you based off of all of this. There's obviously the recency of the email, okay? I'm not going to add that as three, but it is technically three. >> [gasps] >> Um whether they're internal or external to your organization, you typically don't have control over that, but I'm you know, it's another point to be made. So, just going back to our list here, you have your profile picture, okay? You also have the email address of the sender. And these are all things that just again, they give me information about you. And these are things that people are either consciously or subconsciously always evaluating all of your emails on. Before you even get into the copy, notice that we've literally looked at like five or six different things. Now, obviously on top of that, you have the email body itself, right? And the reason why I'm enumerating all this stuff is just because, you know, I want you to be able to very granularly improve the quality of your cold emails um as well as all other outreach. And because you'll notice that cold emails have different parameters here versus something like, let's say, LinkedIn messages, which I'm going to talk with you about um in a moment. And so, you know, the strategy on outbound in general, when you're [clears throat] writing messages to try and convince strangers to give you money, is you'll make use of those six or seven um psychological principles and then you'll convert that into like a good strong piece of outbound with those four rules. And then what you'll do is you'll just like you'll basically syndicate it. So, that same piece of copy will look a specific way for cold email, but it'll look a slightly different way for SMS and it'll look a slightly different way for LinkedIn. And what you're doing is you're just massaging it into the various shapes of all of these different platforms. All right, so that is cold email in a nutshell. And I want you guys to know, if you're ever curious or you don't know how to make your cold emails pop or whatever and you've been banging your head against the wall just wondering what the hell you could do, you know, I just go top to bottom through this. Ask yourself, is this the best name? Is this the best subject line? Is this the best teaser? Is this the best profile picture? Is this the best email address? Is this the best email body? And as long as you have all of that information, okay, then you can do a pretty good job. Even if you're not necessarily good at any one individual one of these, if you just combine the entire thing into like a nice coherent package, then for all intents and purposes you're probably going to be all right. Okay, next up, how about LinkedIn? Obviously, people are going to be evaluating you on slightly different things on LinkedIn. Let me give you guys an actual look at what that looks like. So, here for just for all intents and purposes, I'm I'm in my other inbox as opposed to my focused one. I just have tons of people like responding to my giveaways and stuff here. And being in this inbox to begin with is kind of an issue, right? Like you know, this one was sent like eight years ago. I have literally haven't looked at it in eight whole years, nine years, I guess. So, the goal is just not to be here at all, to be clear. But anyway, if you're writing some sort of outbound like this fellow Jordan is, what are some things that I'm immediately evaluating him on? And actually, before even get in there, okay, let me just give this give this a click and then we can look at Jordan's top to bottom. Literally before even get in there, okay, what am I evaluating him on? I'm evaluating him on the profile picture itself. And so, that is sort of priority number one. Then I'm evaluating him on his name, which appears twice. We have the first name. You'll notice that the longer the first name is, the more characters it takes of their teaser. You notice how Jordan over here might be three characters and this ends up closing right around here. Well, if his name was four characters, Nicholas would have been pushed back. And so, the shorter the first initial the first uh part of your name, the bigger the ROI basically for your LinkedIn teaser, which means you can actually fit more in there, okay? Now, just out of curiosity, how many characters is this? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 space 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21. This is going to be somewhere between 53 to maybe 55 characters, I'd imagine, uh because not every one of these characters takes up the exact same amount of space and this is likely gated by pixels. So, what that means is you have uh the teaser, which is somewhere between 50 to maybe 55 cars cars. Okay, so these are all things again that like people they they they just don't realize are all factors that I'm going to be taking into account as I evaluate you. >> [clears throat] >> Now, what are some high-level rules? Don't waste this teaser space. And make sure your profile picture shows you, ideally smiling in nice lighting like this Jordan guy does. Despite the fact that this guy's in my other mailbox and I haven't looked at his message in like, you know, 9 years or whatever, kudos to whoever helped you design your profile pic or just yourself, Jordan, because this blue background around the outside with with a white uh backdrop and then your head. Like, this stands out and this looks really professional. Contrast that with this lady Sharon here who's, you know, kind of a little bit more drawn back and there's not a lot of like difference between her foreground and then background. Okay, so literally before I've even clicked on this, here are all of the things that uh that I've considered and applied. >> [clears throat] >> Once I've clicked on it, though, you notice that this window changes significantly. Now, we have way more context, okay? And so, let's actually just go into all that context. Let me just zoom in here and then see what we have access to. The very first thing that we see is obviously their name, Which we've already kind of looked at before, so that's not new information. The second thing we see though, is we see their title. And so their title is actually a piece of information that affects my uh perception of who this person is. And so as you can see here, you got fair number of characters. Um 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 30 And it looks to me like you're going to have something like 50 to 60 or so characters on the title as well. So in here we'll say the title the job title. And that's going to be somewhere between like maybe 50 to 60 characters as well. Okay, immediately underneath all of this we have the profile picture again. Then we have them. And then you'll notice we have in brackets some sort of badge. So if they have a LinkedIn Premium, this will be gold. So what does that logically mean? If you want to maximize the outreach that you are sending, you will want to have a badge like that. It just makes you stand out. And so we'll have a LinkedIn Premium badge. If I go back over here and actually give Jordan a click you see this HubSpot Elite Partner first. This is because he's basically part of HubSpot's Elite Solutions Partner Program. And because of this he uses this as sort of like a piece of credential. It just makes him stand out more. Keep in mind this is just like this is more authority stuff. Um oh cool, he's in Vancouver. That's nice. All right, so then he has basically what I'm going to call credential. And I don't know how many characters this is. I feel like this is going to vary. Um I think he could probably have more if he wanted to, but I'm I'm not going to put that in there. And then obviously he has the time of the message. And then the uh body itself. So over here is going to be body. Okay. And we'll just say message body. And then we'll say his credentials. So this looks pretty good to me. I mean nice job on this message Jordan. Um just evaluating it at its merits. Thanks for connecting. So clearly it's a connect message driven flow. We find our clients the top performing sales management candidates across NA. Best of all we give you a guarantee on placements of the 12 full months. Um you know, I'm not really a big fan of how he pitched all this stuff. I am seeing he has a Masters of Science. I'm wondering if he could have put his Masters of Science somewhere around here. Typically speaking people with Masters degrees and stuff like that are just taken more seriously than people that don't have them. Then that takes us to X. So I don't actually use X anymore but I know a lot of people are sending uh DMs and stuff like that with this. So I'm just going to create some BS passcode and then I'm just going to go on to another account and send myself a DM just so I can see what that looks like. Okay. And it actually looks like I have an account set up here. That's hilarious. Um anyway, so what I'll do I'll go to chat and apparently I sent a message to this guy on this X account from like God knows how many years ago but I really like this fellow's music. So big shout out to uh to Alloy. Anyway, I just want to send this now to myself. So this is going to be Nick Sheriff. And it doesn't look like I can send to him. Why is this? I don't really know. Do I need to follow myself or something? Okay, and then I'm just going to say, "Hey Nick, what's going on my brother from another mother?" Okay, cool. We just sent him a message probably from the same mother. And as you can see here now we have this um new thing open up. Wow, that is so funny that I that I wrote that. Uh but basically, you know, when somebody follows you obviously you're going to get a notification but then you have a chat. So what happens is when you click on the chat immediately, okay, just like we had with LinkedIn, kind of the very first thing we're realistically seeing is we're going to see the profile pic. After that as you guys could see we have the full name and that on X might not actually be the full name because not a lot of people use their full names. So I think that's worth um keeping uh in mind. After that we have a little teaser and you notice the teaser is significantly shorter than a full length teaser on LinkedIn. If I had to count this and I will, that'll be 5 10 15 20 probably somewhere around 45 to 50 or so. So then we have the teaser and that's somewhere between 40 to 55 chars. And then you also have obviously the time of the message and then the fact that clicked on it yet but that mark on red stuff is sort of the same on all platforms, so I'm just going to take it for granted. I take it for granted. I'm going to take it as a given. Zooming a little bit in here, now you get some more information you didn't get before. Obviously, you have the profile picture, the full name. Then you get the full name again, and then over here, which is interesting, which is new, is you get their tag. And so if they have a silly tag, a tag that doesn't actually make much sense to you, then obviously that tag is going to be discordant with the rest of their outreach, right? In this case, Nick Wells Wells, I don't know, it just doesn't look as legit. I also don't have a profile picture, obviously, so this is an old ass uh thing, but yeah, so I'm just going to say your X tag/handle. And then you also have the join date, which is pretty important. So if somebody is spinning up a bunch of these accounts to send a bunch of DMs to people like over and over and over again, obviously you'll know because it'll say joined literally five freaking minutes ago. And uh I just, you know, I think that's a problem. Obviously, you're going to want like aged X accounts if you're going to want to scale this sort of stuff. Okay, after that, you obviously have the message body itself, and um yeah, the message body can go, I don't know how long, so why don't we just test this out? Let's see what happens when we send I don't know, 30 of these or so. Sending all this over, this is pretty long, right? It looks like we get the entire chat all literally within the body, so I don't know how many characters this is, but all of that is not um truncated whatsoever. You also have the ability to send gifts. Gifts can be pretty cool, although I think they have to be verified followers. I feel like if they're in your requests, you can't send a gift. Um so I'd keep that in mind. >> [clears throat] >> That's kind of funny considering all the BS that I just sent them. Um and yeah, I mean like that's most of the information. In general, um messages on X tend to be significantly more casual and more formal, uh especially versus like LinkedIn, but LinkedIn and email tend to be pretty similar in tone of voice. You know, like a lot of people pretend they're like big corporate big wigs on on LinkedIn, and that's not necessarily always so, uh you can break out of that sort of pattern interrupt by sending um, you know, shorter, more informal, casual DMs. But generally, you know, you don't want to really offend, uh, I don't know, some corporate person on LinkedIn. Versus on X, like it's sort of given and taken for granted that you'll write probably in lower case, you'll probably make use of little emojis here and there, you'll be a little bit more sarcastic and funny, and so on. Okay, and that takes me to Instagram. Um, just heading over here to the messages tab. As you can see here, we got tons of different messages, and that's cuz the account is, uh, massive. Unfortunately, I also got I don't know how to stop that from popping out. Okay, so yeah, you know, we get we get a lot, and wow, I'm realizing I need to get back to a bunch of people here. Sorry about that, everybody that that hasn't. Um, I just want like a conversation with somebody where they're obviously trying to pitch me. So, I think I'm probably going to go to requests here. And then okay, yeah, this is perfect. So, look at credit boost 777. So, first of all, both X and, um, Instagram actually make use of message requests, as you saw on LinkedIn also does as well. It's just the LinkedIn message requests, um, are seemingly less likely to happen. And so, most of the time on X or Instagram, you're going to be in a message request box, so keep that in mind. This occurs just because your profiles aren't really warm, you don't have pre-exist connections with people, and so you're going to have to fight around that. That's the big That's the big drop. But anyway, assuming that, uh, you know, you're actually doing this, good god, I have a lot of tabs open now. Assuming you're actually doing this like one at a time, um, first thing is obviously your profile picture, right? Immediately after you also have the handle, which can be the full name if they wanted to, but a lot of people like credit boost 777 or man or deuce, right? They don't actually use their full name. Ben Slavinsky clearly did, kudos to him for that. Um, this right over here is, I think, around 35 to 50 characters or so, maybe 30 characters or so. That's 10. So, yeah, this is right about 30 characters or so before it gets truncated. It's just a teaser, which is 30 chars. And then obviously you have the the time that it was sent to. If you click in on this, you have the profile picture, you have the handle, you have the handle again. Um I think the name can actually be different from the handle, which is why there two. Then you also have the platform cuz some people will send messages from like Facebook or whatever. And just opening up a few more of these, notice how this is their first name, Deuce, and this is deuce.creative. Same thing with uh I don't know, Mike over here, Mike MJ, but his handle's technically Mike MJ_7. I don't think I have any from Facebook, but keep in mind that I think you can you can send from that. >> [gasps] >> Okay, and then finally um just looking at the actual message body itself, we see that you have that message body, too. And uh from there on out, you know, I can either accept, delete, or block. All right, and then finally we have our um iMessage, which is a way that a lot of people are communicating. Slot this in for text message as necessary, although note that if you're not on iMessage, you're not going to get a cute little blue bubble, which is typically how people like sending messages. Um you know, anybody with a lot of money typically has an iPhone. And I don't say this cuz I think Androids suck or whatever. There's also some cultural differences there, but yeah, in general, that's what it's like. Now, I'm doing this on my computer, which does look a little bit different from my phone, but just for limitations of not wanting to put my phone up. Um this is what it kind of looks like. Okay, so we have the profile picture as mentioned, then you have the phone number, and then obviously you have a teaser. Now, the teaser here is like the actual body of the message, so. And then just taking a look at this, I just pasted this into um Claude code, and it told me it was 91 characters including white space. So, you also have the message teaser, which is around 90 characters or so. And so, like when you get spam messages like this, "Hi, hope uh you know, I'm not interrupting. Would you have some time to talk?" Like this one here. You know, like this is the entire message, and it's all totally within the teaser. Um realistically, I can make the decision on whether or not I want to engage with this message without actually even clicking it. So, if I'm sending some sort of like SMS campaign or something like that, whether it's open or inbound, um you know, like I generally speaking will want to write messages that are at least as long as the entire thing. So, I would go probably like a time a time and a half or so as long. And then what I would probably want to do is I want to bury some plausible deniability right over here, something that's like interesting or engaging so that people at least feel like they have to click the message in order to read the rest. Anyway, aside from that, you obviously have the phone number, you have the where it's coming from. So, this isn't an SMS, not an iMessage. Then you have the the message body itself. And then what's really cool about this is there's just like three or four different ways that you could do this. You could go photos, stickers, image playground images, message effects. There are like a couple of different things that iMessage can do to each other that others can't. Okay, so I go through this just because I want you guys to know there are a lot more levers to pull than you probably think. You know, like I don't think most people realize that the name of the sender could make an impact. I don't think they realize that like the LinkedIn premium badge was something you could play around with, the X tag or handle, the join date, the body. I do this a lot for Upwork within Maker School. Like people don't realize, but basically there's like 30 different sections that you can add information and add value. And one of the simplest ways to make money on that platform is just add information to literally everything. What am I going to do next? I'm just going to provide some really high-level advice for each one of these. Obviously for cold emails, it was any unused space in your subject line and teaser gets filled with metadata, so aim for 150 characters. For LinkedIn, it's have a professional corporate profile picture and get premium plus some certifications to add more to the top of your message body and also decrease the probability of landing in the other mailbox. On X, the whole game is making it out of requests. Aside from that, write casually in the same TOV that most other X users use. Similarly, on Instagram, the whole game is going to be making it out of message requests. Aside from that, writing casually in the same TOV that most other X users use. Then on iMessage, fill out the entire teaser. Do not Oh, and then insert something provocative right near the end to ensure a click. Although, to be honest, you could probably do that same high-level piece of advice everywhere. So, I'm just going to do that. All right. Now that we're done with specific platforms, why don't we chat a little bit about subject lines, follow-ups, and then iterating? Specifically, like what makes a good subject line? Cuz I think there's a lot of misunderstanding around good subjects. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you some examples of bad subjects. And what I'm going to do is actually literally go through my email inbox and then just find a few, and then I'll be able to tell you why. So, what are some bad subjects? Cuz the whole thing is basically a graveyard of bad subject lines, to be honest. >> [sighs and gasps] >> Um hmm, this is actually a good one, believe it or not. Uh and I think the person's not a spam bot, so great great work here. But, stuff like interested in AI-driven performance optimization, I mean that is weak, man. Super weak. So, I'm going to add that to my list. Video editor, weak as hell. I mean, there's nothing here that's custom. There's nothing here that begs the question. Stuff that's too long, like Nikkie Scalera 72K a month with automation here's the next level. Oof, that's rough. Definitely don't want that. And then stuff that's like literally no subject is definitely not necessary, and it's not something that you want. Um always make sure to add some sort of subject to your email. Okay, so I'm going to talk about why in a second, but let's now chat about good subjects. What are some great subject lines that I've ever received? So, tangential mentions of things that I would only know if um you know, I watched your content is great. Your Cloud Code course and a formatting thought. Hey, your Cloud Code course is great. But, every time I paste AI text into Gmail, this is like the worst part of it. It's the teaser. But, the subject itself is pretty great. This 2026 capital is pretty good. Um this one here from Marco is great. Why? Because I mean, it's there's some minor grammatical mistakes here, and it looks poorly formatted enough to make me think it's human, but it's also quite endearing and um in general people like that sort of thing. This one from Ben Crame is interesting. He's reaching out to me to try and sell me cold email.com 1 mil cash or structured up to 12 months. Um what's really neat about this is notice how his subject's really short. That means we get the teaser fully laid out. Um so that that's pretty neat. Uh Nick plus YouTube is a pretty cool one. One of your videos said would have been a really good one if they didn't misspell it. Uh left clicks blind spot. That would have been good. Um I think realistically if you just change this, that's actually a really good subject line. It was just like Nick's blind spot, that would crush. Um okay, so what makes a good subject line versus a bad subject line? Well, basically the entire point of the subject line, and I just want you guys to drill this in your head right now, is something called plausible deniability. So when you send a subject, and this also kind of goes for teasers, the idea is not to tell them everything about your email up front. Because if you did, they wouldn't even need to click on your email to see the rest. The whole idea is you just want to play a little game with them and be clever. You want to give them enough information to pique their curiosity, but not enough that you can answer the question and fully satisfy their need without them giving the email whole click. And so one of the simplest and lowest hanging fruit in like a good email campaign is just not writing um a subject and a teaser that answers the question uh you know, who the hell is this and why should I care? Instead what you want is you want to have your personalization be in the subject line and then in the teaser. And then in order for the person to answer the next logical question, aside from, you know, obviously the first answers is this spam, is this not spam, that's how the four-step framework works. Um the second question they're going to ask is okay, so who is this and why do I give a [ __ ] Well, they need to actually click the email in order to answer that. And so the whole game is plausible deniability. You actually want to play around with them and you want them to think maybe you aren't even a customer uh a prospect. Maybe you aren't even somebody trying to sell them at all. Maybe you're not even a sales person. Maybe you're like their long-lost cousin. Maybe you're somebody that went to school with. Maybe you're somebody that wants to give them money. You want to buy their business. Maybe you're somebody that wants to invite them to a podcast. You know, maybe you're somebody that like has been watching their stuff and just has a friendly comment. Maybe you're somebody who your content or your posts or something about you has resonated so much with them that it changed your life. Like, the whole idea is not to sell in the subject line. You do not sell in the subject line. What you do is you just get plausible deniability to buy the click. So, subject lines, they do not sell. And if you find yourself selling at all in the subject line, you're doing something wrong. So, the reason why these are bad subjects is because it just gives away the whole thing, right? So, quick idea in your daily strategy content. I mean, like this would need to be very hyper-specific in order for daily strategy content to make any sense whatsoever. Quick collab? {question mark} This is better because collaboration is sort of like an open term. But, um the fact that there's zero personalization thrown in here and it just it just says quick collab, quick this, quick that. Literally, the word quick here is the problem. You know, if I'm reaching out to somebody and I poured my heart and soul into something, like I'm not going to say quick. I'm just going to sit down and tell you what the hell it is. And that's what we're trying to pattern match for, right? Trying to pattern match for the appearance of one-to-one personalized comms. Can you double this week? I don't know what the hell that means. Probably not. Interested in AI-driven performance optimization. This is actually an okay one, although I have uh bundled this in bad. And the reason why is because they just like AI is very clearly an acronym and anybody in the industry does not say AI, they they all say AI. So, if you're going to like play around with some sort of like, you know, hook like interested in AI-driven performance optimization and then try and pretend to me that like you're a customer or somebody that might want to buy, but then you you don't actually spell the the thing right, I'm just not going to take you seriously. Video editor, this doesn't work because I've just received a billion of these so far. And then it's very clear that you're pitching me for a video editing services. Nick, you scaled to 72k a month with automation, here's the next level. This doesn't work. Why? Because it's just selling me blatantly. No subject. I mean like this can work, but in general no subject is correlated with like spam emails and scams, so um you know, I wouldn't have no subject basically ever. I'd always have a subject line of some kind. The idea is you want to make it seem like it was a pretty low low effort and or something that's hyper personalized. So, your Claude Cosem your Claude Code Course and A Formatting Out. This is like lowercase, which implies to me that this is like a real person, right? Even if it's not. And then, you know, it's A Formatting Out. This person's giving me some information. They're also asking me about my Claude Course, probably something that they would only know if they'd actually gone through it and watched it. Um 2026 Capital. This could mean a million things. This could mean somebody like investing in my business, which is just so naturally interesting. Want to buy you, right? Like that's cool. Uh of course I'm going to give that a click because who knows? Maybe they're going to give me an offer so good I can't refuse. Been with you from the start. I really like this one because nobody would write start that way. So, kudos to you, Margo, for that. I clicked the hell out of that. Nick's Blind Spot, as mentioned a moment ago, um is pretty interesting because assuming your teaser doesn't just give away the whole potato. That's not an uh that's not an idiom at all. But assuming it doesn't just give it all away, then uh you know, I'm going to want to click it to see what the hell's my blind spot. Generally, subject lines that come from like a fear of loss work really well. So, you know, something all lowercase it's like you're wasting 2,300 per month. That says Nick, you're wasting 2,300 per month. Uh that would be like a pretty cool subject line. Why? Because so long as the teaser doesn't give it all away, I'm going to read, you know, the lowercase. I'll think, "Okay, this probably person probably wrote my uh name themselves cuz they screwed it up. 2,300 per month, that's a fair amount of money. Wasting? I hate wasting stuff, you know? I'm not in like a scarcity mindset, but like I don't want to waste." Most human beings respond much better to uh you know, any sort of accusation of loss than they do uh potential upside. And so, that's a good thing that you can take advantage of. Okay, so the greatest subjects on planet Earth tend to be really simple. They tend to literally be stuff like, you know, like literally just Nick. Um, you know, Nick Q. Um, Nick, are you taking coaching clients? Um, Nick, are you hiring? Uh, you know, Nick, you looked sad in your last vid. You know, it's stuff that's like, clearly like, okay, what the hell's going on? Who is this? Are they a friend of mine? Are they a family member? Are they a long-time fan? Why do I look sad? Am I hiring? Am I taking coaching clients? He wants He wants me to work with them for a coaching client. Interesting. I'm wasting $2,300 per month. And then it's usually going to involve some sort of personalization in either the the subject or the teaser itself. So, like one of the two is going to have to have a name or something like that. And then, you know, if they don't have names too, you can still use cold reading and stuff like that to get around it. But in general, the recommendation is to use some sort of name. Okay, so that is subject lines. Let's chat a little bit more about follow-ups now. So, I feel like people misunderstand the way that follow-ups work. Um, you know, I I have I have people out here that send like 20 follow-ups a freaking day and it's just it's too much. So, whatever platform you're on, whatever the heck you're doing, uh, generally speaking, I actually only send, you know, let's just pretend they're emails, not SMS's. I'll send like two emails, okay, initially. I always just send some initial email and then I'll send some little follow-up. And the follow-ups don't have to be super crazy complicated. You know, I feel like a lot of people try and make them out to be these really, really, really big, scary things, right? They're like, "Oh my god, I have to send case studies and I have to make this super personalized and I have to reference their their their third cousin twice removed." And you know, if I don't do that, then the follow-up is not going to work. And the reality is like, your follow-ups are going to work fine. You can literally just say like, "Hey X, checking in on Y. TLDR, if this is the first time you're seeing this, you know, email body." You know, obviously make it different. Thanks, Nick. But, um, just having one follow-up is going to put you ahead of like 99.9% of people that don't do any follow-ups whatsoever. And then, the reason why I do this, okay, and you're probably wondering like, "Okay, so I'm sorry, you don't send three, four, five?" Uh and I I do. It's just the reason why I do this initially is because I just don't know how good my email is. The whole idea of sending outbound is you want to minimize the proportion of people that mark you as spam. This differs from one platform to the next. On email, it is literally the spam {slash} block buttons. On LinkedIn, it might be the delete or archive buttons. On Instagram X, it might be the decline buttons, etc. etc. And basically what happens is when you have multiple um emails in a sequence and you're not sure that it's a good sequence to begin with, you're risking the spam {slash} block a lot more because you'll annoy the hell out of people. So, what you want to do instead is you want to instead start with a smaller sequence of two. Then, you want to improve this and track reply rates, open rates, whatever you can depending on the specific metric of um outbound that you're doing. When you've found a good fit, aka when your campaign starts over-performing, then you can add an additional step and it'll continue lifting your performance over time while minimizing your uh what I'm just going to call, you know, block risk and maximizing the health of your assets, you know, which might be like mailboxes, phone numbers, Instagram profiles, LinkedIn profiles, X profiles, etc. Okay, so I mean like hopefully that's clearer, but the only situation which I'd add an additional email, like a third email, would be let's say my reply rates are 2% on this um whole campaign here. You know, I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I like breakout campaign it works super well and it's actually like 4.8% just with two emails. Like yeah, I'm going to add a third one. And do you know what will happen if I add email three here? That 4.8% is going to elevate. That 4.8% is going to become like a 6.1% just because, you know, with more emails there's higher probability that people are actually going to respond to you obviously because they get more more pings and touch points. And I'm going to do this while also minimizing the probability of me getting some issue. Same thing there. You know, if I add a fourth email what's realistically happening is I'm feeding this animal my 6.1% might become like a 6.8%. I was going to do 6.9 and or 6.7 but I didn't want the little kiddos to go crazy. And uh you can just continue working that out. But you have to hit some sort of like minimum bar, okay? And you know, in general um just send simple pings. Just send simple human follow-ups. Like real humans don't go Peter while analyzing left click I'm noticed you were spending XYZ on platforms you didn't have to be. Our recent case study you know, AAA Corp saved over $10,000 by doing whatever. Like real human beings don't talk like this. And again, the whole idea is you want to seem like a real human being. A real human being would just be like, "Hey Pete, are you cool man? Like get back to me. Let me know how this is." Or like, "Hey Pete, just checking in on XYZ. Let me know if you have any questions or whatever." "Hey Pete, um let me know if this got lost in your mailbox, right?" The reality is if you spend a bunch of time and energy to write the first email that's the sort of follow-ups that you would actually be doing. You would not be doing like newsletter style follow-ups like this. You'd just be doing like, "Hey man, quick ping. Hey dude, can you help me out with whatever? Hey whatever." And um it's unfortunate because like a lot of people screw that up man. And a lot of people like they they don't realize how easy it is to do follow-ups. Just like send them a ping. Reformulate the initial chunk of your email. Um and use a different subject line for the most part because that allows you to test multiple different subjects over and over and over and over again. Okay, and finally, let's chat about this principle of iterating before I exit out of number seven and get on to number eight. So, what do I mean by iterating? To be clear, um your cold emails or cold outbound campaigns rarely rock right away. They usually suck. What more or less always happens anytime you build a campaign or anytime I build a campaign. If you found a way to eliminate this, then please let me know. Is, you know, if this is um time and then this is whatever metric I'm interested in, which is going to be in my case reply rate. Okay, usually what happens is you start pretty low. Okay, and let's just make this something a little different. You start pretty low. You know, if this is like time step zero, you you just send it out. This is time step one. This is two. This is three. Maybe this is days or something like that. This is basically what's happening over the course of a of a full week. You start out at, you know, 2.5% and you think, "Okay, this is pretty mid." So, you start making some changes. You change your copy up. And then all of a sudden this does pretty well. So, now you're at a 3.2%. And you're like, "Okay, sweet. I'm liking this. Um I wonder what would happen if I change the copy again." But then you screw it up and then you go back down to, I don't know, somewhere around like 3%. And then you're like, "Okay, okay, maybe, you know, I'll do another change." Then you go up to uh 4%. And so, in this way you just continuously iterate. And on some occasions things will go worse. And on some occasions things will go good. Until eventually, what you do is you reach like this sort of like plateau where things just like they they they don't really get any better. And this is sort of like your true reply rate for whatever the campaign is. And the only way to get here is obviously you need a lot of data, right? Because, I mean, I don't know, every leg here is going to be somewhere between like 500 to 1K emails in my case. But in your case, maybe text messages or or or phone calls or whatever. Um and so, typically what that means is there's some high-level rules that you can get as a result of just thinking about this stuff broadly. Um the first is, you know, if I just try and make it really clear, always iterate. You know, always have multiple variants going simultaneously. If you don't, you're basically always leaving some money on the table. And uh as we know with the outreach, you do not want to be leaving any money on the table here. The margins can be thin enough as is if you're not good. So, no matter what, always be sending like more than one uh variant. This is going to differ depending on what platform you're using. Instantly has built-in support for that. SmartLead has built-in support for that. I think HeyReach now has built-in support for LinkedIn outbound. There's some X platforms out there that have built-in support for X outbound. Not all these will be above uh terms of service uh restrictions and stuff like that, so be careful. But um yeah, no matter what, always iterate. Stick to a schedule. If you don't, you'll forget. What I mean by this is one of the simplest follow-up, sorry, iteration cadences that I've ever stuck with is >> [clears throat] >> I just iterate every Sunday. Sunday is like the one day of the week that, you know, for most of my campaigns, I will not send any comms. And what that means is every week, I just know, and I've been doing this for years, where I'm just like, "Okay, it's Sunday. That means it's like iteration day." And for like 20 or 30 minutes, not a very long time at all, you know, I know some people keep their Sunday sacred, but for 20 or 30 minutes, I'll just sit down and I'll make some minor adjustments to my emails. I'll I'll just say, uh I don't know, like change the subject line or do this or do that. And I since I do it on Sundays, every Sunday, it's just like so built into my schedule that I actually get 100% of those iteration cycles. Like per year, I probably get like 45 to 50 iteration cycles that nobody else gets. Because the way that most people iterate is they'll be like, "I got to iterate." And then they'll try iterating a ton, like once every day for like the first week, and then they'll never iterate again. The idea is you want to iterate consistently over time, make changes, log those changes somewhere, and then just be able to look at that, sort of like a researcher doing their experiments. And now there are cool automated ways of doing this. So you guys saw my recent auto research video with Claude Code. You can actually like literally have AI design the research for you, make the iterations, and stick to that schedule. But, you know, that'll be a while before it gets widespread enough or I think accurate enough to like really make a big dent. For now, just stick to a schedule. So I mean, in your case, the schedule's going to depend on the volume. In general, okay, a good rule is 500 to 1,000 per variant. What I mean is if you have two campaigns running simultaneously, one is sending X, the other is sending Y, you know, have each of those send somewhere between 500 to 1,000, look at the reply rates, and then make a decision based off of which one has a higher reply rate. If you've only sent 50 or 100, the probability that your decision will be statistically significant enough to have actually moved in the direction of like success is so low as to be laughable. Unfortunately, a lot of people, you know, they they don't realize just how much volume is required here. So they'll send 100 emails, get zero replies, or one of their campaigns gets one, and they're like, "Oh my god, you know, I just iterated so that um I you know, I I I I I I selected the campaign that has one reply, and I left the one that has zero replies in the dirt." And it's like, it could be that the one that got zero replies is actually way better. You just you don't have enough stats to really know. Talking to 100 people is not enough. You need to talk to 500 to 1,000. And really, there are like whole statistical formulas for this, but I don't really like mucking around in the weeds. In my case, I'm always like, you know, more volume solves the issues of like better strategy and statistics. So for me, I'm just like 500 to 1,000 sounds good. In general, I also suggest pick a TAM with a lot of leads. What I mean by this is uh TAM stands for total addressable market, and that just corresponds to basically what what it is that you're targeting. So for instance, if I'm targeting um I don't know, like holistic nutritionists in Texas or something, I'm probably only going to have like a couple hundo if that. So I'm not even going to be able to do like one good test, right? But if I'm targeting like, I don't know, digital agencies in the United States, which is obviously a lot broader and that has some downsides as well. You know, this might be 100,000 and it's like, okay, cool. So, 100,000 might literally mean like I'll have somewhere between 100 to 200 tests. I mean, imagine if this is the improvement that you could make with like seven tests, imagine what you could do with like 100 to 200 tests, right? You could get something basically to the moon assuming it doesn't plateau. And the last one is make big changes early and small changes late. What I mean by that is at the very beginning of your cold email or SMS or cold calling campaign or whatever, you know the least about what works because you have the least amount of data. And so, what that means is your primary task is to explore the search space, is to search as quickly and effectively as possible over a wide range of, you know, potential approaches. And then just quickly narrow down all the ones that don't work cuz most of them won't work. You can't do that just by making one tiny little change to your sequence every week. What you have to do is if you're just starting out, your first week sending cold email or making cold calls, have like two fundamentally different scripts or two fundamentally different sequences. Your first is like, you know, 30 characters and it's like, well, not actually 30 characters, but maybe like 30 to 50 words. And it's like, you know, hey Pete, love what you're doing, man. If I could connect you with three to five decision makers per week and land you an additional 10K a month and then collect, you know, between a 10 to 15% commission, would you be open to that? Have a lot of people in XYZ space and you know, looking for partners right now. Just give me a shout and we can have a quick call about it. Thanks. And your other one is like, Peter, it's Sally. I haven't seen your profile in years, but I remember coming across it on the eve of 2014 when I was walking my dog Shire to whatever, right? Like, what I'm trying to say is make them very different initially and then you'll very quickly figure out which one is better. And once you make it a quick determination as to which one's better, the super short, the super long, the super formal, the super informal, the super in-depth personalized, the super not in-depth personalized, you can very quickly just like cut out half of all of the possibilities that won't work and then move to like the half that that that do. And so like I typically will test two fundamentally different emails that don't look anything like and then I'll just see which one performs the best. And then the next uh test is I'll make them like different but not so different like the first one that they're like fundamentally different or are fundamentally opposed. I'll make them kind of like, you know, the first change was like a 3x difference, the second one's like a 2x difference, the third one's like a 1x difference, the fourth one's like a 0.5x and so on and so on and so forth. And so what I mean is like if this graph instead is the size of the difference over time, basically you want to like significantly decrease the size of the difference over time. So that uh you know, the two emails end up being much much more similar as you go on. And then eventually you will have like narrowed in on like a really high performer. Once you've narrowed in a really high performer, all you have to do is just change a few words here or there, change the subject line a bit, change like one line from X to Y, you know, change how you're doing the personalizations and that sort of stuff. And that takes me to probably one of my favorite subjects given how I've just been producing a lot of content surrounding AI recently, which is how to use AI in copywriting. Now, what I know what I think a lot of people are probably going to assume that I'm going to say here is that you should use AI to, you know, write your campaigns. They think I'm going to show them a big long script or prompt or a cloud code skill that effectively shows you how to go from no campaign written to a full campaign in front of you. They probably think that because, you know, colloquially I'm I'm an AI guy AI guy now. But to be honest, I rarely, if at all, use AI in my copywriting these years. There was a period about a year and a half ago where I was experimenting with using AI personalization quite a bit. And I found just generally speaking, personalization does not replace like a good quality campaign. AI is also not yet at the ability where it can meaningfully craft like very persuasive copy. And despite the fact that, you know, things are still progressing pretty quick, I do not think it's at the point where you should be using it for your copy. I think there are a a of cool toy projects you could build with it, like using AI to like assist you in minor iterations. But you should not just give entirely your copy over to a model and just assume that it'll be better than human beings. The reason why is because I consider these skill required to get to a reasonable level of competence with uh just like, you know, this course and then a little bit of elbow grease is actually pretty low. So, another famous graph coming at you, you know, if this is the amount of time it takes for you to learn something and this is your skill and we're specifically talking about copywriting, I think copywriting is very much like this. Meaning like the first, I don't know, let's just say this is 2 weeks and this is like 1 month. I think you will actually literally get like 70 to 80%. Let's just call it 75% of the total available skill in this with a very small period of time um actually invested in working. And so the reason why I think this is so important is because despite the fact that, you know, right over here, this looks like it's only 25% the gap between, you know, a novice and then you know, sorry, somebody that's been doing this for like 1 year. This is kind of logarithmic. The point I'm trying to make is it takes a very short amount of time to get to reasonable level quality and then it takes a very long amount of time to take that like reasonable level quality and make it like incredible quality. So, you know, I'm I'm up here insofar that I've spent many years doing this stuff. Um you know, I've basically been in marketing and sales my entire career since I graduated uh university and and well before that even if I'm being honest. And so, I've basically been doing some form of outbound for about a decade now and I'm not even, you know, I'm probably like 90th percentile 95th percentile. Certainly qualified enough to teach a course on it but not necessarily the best copywriter in the world. You'd have to look at the uh Ogilvys and and stuff like that um you know, for real deep understanding of copywriting. But I guess what I'm trying to say is because [snorts] the there's this gap of like good and great and the gap just takes so much additional skill to learn. Like AI will happily write copy over here cuz AI can basically do anything that human beings can do now with about 2 weeks of experience, but it'll really, really struggle with writing copy up here. And so that 25% is massive and there's big diminishing returns on it. And unfortunately, in the market nowadays, like there's a there's almost like a skill floor where like, I don't know, imagine you're in like the Titanic or something and it's I don't know, it's it's it's flooding with water. If you're not like at least this good, which is better than what AI can do right now, nobody's even opening or clicking your freaking emails to begin with. So basically, you need to get to this point on your own and then you need to write all your emails on your own and then and only then would I even consider like even spot check use of AI worthwhile. Otherwise, it'll just confuse the hell out of you and it'll result in like really poor quality results. And if you're wondering like why I'm so convicted in my beliefs here, convicted, why I have such conviction in my beliefs, it's because I literally run like an AI community that does a ton of copywriting. You know, it's called Maker School and the vast majority of what we do on a day-to-day basis is we're copywriting our Upwork applications, we're copywriting scripts for our Upwork looms, we're copywriting actual cold emails, we're copywriting cold LinkedIn DMs, we're copywriting freaking everything. And we've just consistently found across all metrics, across over 10,000 people that are actually doing this for their business, you know, people that use AI really intensely in the process, tend to suck. Okay, so that's my anti-AI Luddite rant. Um now let's talk about how to actually use AI in copywriting. Okay, so you should not use it to rewrite your whole email, but what you should do if you're planning on using AI is use it for small templated variables. And what I mean by this is you know, if I have um I don't know, some type of copy and it's hey Nick and then I have let's say an icebreaker or something like that. Just wanted to bring your attention to this. Your landing page right now is costing you, I don't know, XYZ per month. And you could fix it in under 15 minutes with a quick tweak to your HTML. Right, whatever. And then you know, you have like the rest of copy here, okay? Um, this icebreaker segment here, this is sort of like your your your personalized segment. The only situation that I would use AI, okay, would be basically just to write like a small little snippet that looks like this. And to be honest, I wouldn't even have it write the entire snippet. I would just do something along lines of um, hey Nick, love your, I don't know, channel or web property. Um, big fan and has made me think a lot about something they involved something they're involved in. So, what I mean by this is um, you know, I would feed this into AI. And I would say, hey, I want you to generate based off of all of their LinkedIn, you know, scraped information or based off of like this dossier that I've compiled on them or based off whatever the hell. I just want you to tell me like what their most popular web property is. And then what I want you to do is just insert it in this sentence. Love your channel or web property. Such that let's say, you know, they're like a YouTuber. What it would do is it would say, hey Nick, love your channel, man. Okay, if they're mostly on LinkedIn, it'd be like, hey Nick, love your LinkedIn post, man. You know, if they write about AI or something like that, I'd say big fan has made me think a lot about how AI is you know, changing work or something like that. And then I'd stick that in there. Or if they're involved in videography, uh, you know, I'd scrape their profiles and whatever and I'd say you know, setting up my studio. So, thanks, right? Something of this nature. And so, what you use AI for is you don't use it to write your whole email like we saw earlier with that Grove example. Well, like gross, am I right? You You use it for small templated variables that fit into a pre-established already working template. And usually, what you want is you want to use it in this like personalization section so you can just get your personalization out of the way, not have to worry about it again, and then you can just like write like really high-quality you know, social proof, who am I, why do I matter, offer and then CTAs down here. Okay, so that's That's number one. That's like probably the simplest and easiest way to use this. And I mean, this is so small of a pitch that like there's actually a lot like I've ran probably over like several dozen campaigns now where I actually just have AI only do one variable. Where it's literally casual version of company name. What do I mean by this? Like, okay, let's say my company name is Left Left Click Incorporated. If a usual scraper goes and grabs my data off LinkedIn or whatever the hell, and then I'm just putting a a native company name with with no nothing else. What they're going to say is it's going to say Left Left Click Incorporated. Now, if I'm Nick and I'm reading this email, I'm going to think, okay, well, this guy obviously scraped me because he put Incorporated in. Like, when you talk about your businesses to other people, you're not like, "Dude, Left Click Incorporated's revenue is going so high right now. Wow, Left Click Incorporated just hit 43 mil. Wow, have you seen what happened with Left Click Incorporated?" You know, no, you don't. You know, it's like Palantir. It's like Palantir Technologies, right? You just have Palantir. We do the same thing with with any sort of companies, right? And so, the point that I'm trying to make is like what this casualization approach does is it just strips out anything that's not like casually usually referred to by other human beings either within the company or that would refer to the company naturally. And by doing so, it just makes it seem like a lot more real. So, you know, if it's like the left click incorporated or something, I might do this. Um a business I used to run with uh my friend um Gurinder, was the Pacific Creative Group, okay? That's a really long name. And actually, I think it was like the Pacific Creative Group LLC. You imagine if I went love the Pacific Creative Group LLC, do you think that would work? But what if I said love PCG? You know, if you're at a really, really long business name, realistically, what people almost always do is they will almost almost always make acronyms of the name. And then when they refer to that business internally, you know, it's not the Pacific Creative Group LLC, it's like, "Yo, how's PCG doing?" "Hey, PCG's up 33% this year." It's like, "Oh, okay, cool." If I say, "Hey, Nick, love PCG." They're thinking, "Wait a second. Does this person know me? Oh, this must be one of my old business contacts." So, I'm like, "Hmm, let me click on the email." And then at least you get you guys get the read, right? So, yeah, this is called basically casual version of company name. And I've called this many things, but nowadays, I call this like a casualization layer. And I have a bunch of uh cloud code skills and other like AI tools that really quickly casualize company names before I I I I do things. So, use it to casualize company names, neighborhoods, schools, or other uh rapport building approaches. I said neighborhoods here, right? I don't know, let's say they live in like Vancouver, British Columbia, right? And so, what you're doing is you're feeding Yeah, this is where I used to live, to be clear. If you guys don't know, it's on the West Coast. Um what I'm doing is I'm feeding in Vancouver, British Columbia, to like sort of my my casualization. And then I'm saying, "Hey, I just want you to like extract the actual area that they live in based off their address or something. And so, what the system then does is it outputs um you know, East Van or something like that. And so, you know, instead of love Vancouver, it's like, "Hey Nick, heard you live in East Van." Right? Now, this is significantly more casual and this is significantly higher probability somebody's going to look at that and be like, "Holy [ __ ] this person knows East Van." This is something that you would only know if you actually lived in East Van. And you know what's wild is like you don't actually need to know how to do any of this stuff. Like AI tends to have enough geographical knowledge to be able to do that. Specific neighborhoods in like San Francisco, specific neighborhoods in like some tiny little hovel somewhere. Like like wherever you are, you can generally speaking do something like this. And so, um that's how you use AI in corporating, okay? Use it for small templated variables that fit into a pre-established article working template. Use it to Use it to casualize company names, neighborhoods, schools, or other rapport-building approaches. And then finally, you obviously use it to scrape leads and enrich info to begin with. But because this isn't a scraping thing, this isn't necessarily all about cold email specifically, I'm just going to leave it at that. If you guys want more on how to scrape leads, enrich information, and and whatnot, um definitely check out my channel. Uh some videos that I posted last year talked specifically about scraping. I also showed how to like set up high-performing cold email campaigns in just a couple of hours that actually get responses and then lead to booked meetings. Uh I use a variety of different approaches like Air Scrape, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Vain.io, um um you know, like custom directories, custom conference lists, and and so on and so forth. Okay, next up I want to talk about some advanced gray hat outbound techniques. Now, gray hat techniques are those that trade compliance. When I say compliance here, I mean compliance both with local laws and regulations, and compliance with terms of services of many outbound platforms that you're probably familiar with. That's stuff like, you know, Gmail, stuff like Outlook, stuff like LinkedIn, and so on and so on and so forth. Now, in some situations, there is no established protocol or terms of service for them. So, in situations like that, you got to use them at your own risk. I mean, any one of these platforms or any one of these tools, hell, any one of these countries or municipalities can change their laws at any point in time. And so, I'm just saying this to give you guys some some fair warning. While I believe some of what I'm going to talk about is valuable and it's worth knowing both for the purposes of doing and then maybe the purposes of avoiding the downsides that normally come with them, I can't explicitly recommend any of them and and I won't. I've had a lot of people in Maker School that have attempted things like this and then they've gotten their accounts suspended, permanently in some cases. They've gotten warning letters and stuff like that. So, this is by no means me encouraging you guys to. But, any course on this would be incomplete if I did not mention this. So, the way [snorts] that things stand right now, there are three main gray hat techniques where you are uh you know, doing things that are either expressly against the TOS or not expressly defined. The first is buying social media accounts or LinkedIn, Instagram, X, TikTok, you know, whatever you know whatever account it is, plus email. So, I'm not going to name any particular vendors, but there are a bunch of places out there that you can go and usually pretty easily buy pre-warmed social media accounts. That's pre-warmed LinkedIn accounts, for instance. Accounts that somebody purchased like years ago, has kept on the back burner, maybe with some sort of activity, and then because they've accrued like a lot of organic usage, LinkedIn is less likely to ban the person that's using that account or they're less likely to raise issues. Alternatively, maybe they have higher usage limits or higher connect outbound limits as a result, which is something that a lot of people want, you know. LinkedIn's uh you know, outbound limits can be somewhere between 100 to 200 connects per week, higher if you're on premium and even higher if you have like organic warmed up accounts for a while. Same thing with Instagram, same thing with X, and then same thing with email accounts. Now, these are actually kind of an interesting situation because the market has gone behind these to a large degree, and uh they've sort of changed them. It's not like you're purchasing like accounts necessarily, but they they call them pre-warmed mailboxes. And like if you jump on any major platform today, like Instantly, um Smart Lead, or whatever. I don't actually know if Smart Lead has pre-warmed mailboxes. I'll have to double-check. Yeah, I Yeah, looks like they do have pre-warmed mailboxes as well. Uh what you can do is you can actually just go and you can buy mailboxes that somebody else has set up with like a first name, a last name, and a domain name. And these are our first names, last names, and domain names that may not exist. So, what you're doing when you buy these mailboxes, you're basically buying like a fake person. And so, as a result of buying the fake person, obviously there's a fair amount of like scrutiny that you will undergo. You know, if you show up to a call and you're They're like, "Oh, who the hell is Stacy at 123click.com? Why are you Nick at leftclick?" You know, you're going to have to explain that away either explicitly as in like, "Okay, you know, this is a This is an outbound strategy. We purchased pre-warmed mailboxes to eliminate the 21-day wait time." Um or through some other means where I don't know, the you're you're a little more deceptive. You pass it off as a secretary or something like that. So, I say this not because I'm going to explicitly condone or recommend against any of these things, but this is the game right now. This is what people are doing. If there's a new need for mailboxes en masse, you know, people will typically go buy pre-warmed. They'll buy 50 to 100 at a time. Then they'll send a Stacy, Samantha, Nicholas, whatever the hell. Um and then later on they'll just rectify that as oh, you know, this is my secretary or something like that even though that person doesn't explicitly exist. That's what people are referring to when they say some something like pre-warmed. A big thing that uh some kind of sneaky sales companies do for LinkedIn profiles particularly, just because they're so valuable and then like the average daily outbound connects that you can send are so few. Like you have to You have to add connect requests. If you don't add somebody and make a connection with them on LinkedIn, you You send them like a full DM. >> [clears throat] >> So, I think a lot of people are doing is they'll get um like sales or business development positions in their company. And they'll usually hire people from like much lower cost of living nations. So, I don't know, usually someplace like Indonesia or maybe I don't know, they hire like Bangladeshi freelancers or something like that. They'll be a Western company so looking to arbitrage obviously like the labor productivity and then the average earnings to like the you know, average lifestyle expenses and and in one of those um uh countries, let's say, in like the the the East. And then what they'll do is they'll say, "Hey, as part of working at my company, um you know, we get to use your LinkedIn account." And so, then what they'll do is they'll treat it almost as if they're buying a LinkedIn account, but really what they're doing is they're like renting it from the person and then the person is expected to keep on giving the LinkedIn account to the bosses, to whoever the the uh person orchestrating the outreach is. With some sort of threat like, you know, you're going to lose your job or whatever. And so, I mean, I I definitely don't do that. I think that's really slimy. But, um you know, a lot of people are and I've seen this kind of crop up especially as cold email in particular has gotten harder and people have shifted more to um you know, uh outbound through LinkedIn and outbound through other social media platforms. Okay, so that's sort of number one. Um number two is they'll use power dialers. This is more like cold calling, which is a little bit different from what most people here probably used to when I say outbound copywriting. But, like copywriting a script is a thing a lot of people do. So, if you consider [clears throat] yourself as like part of the umbrella of cold calling, um you know, a lot of people use power dialers. And power dialers, you know, they're not like explicitly allowed against, I would say. But, basically make a long story short, if you don't know what a power dialer is, like in an average cold call campaign, if you spend 100 minutes calling, you're not spending 100 minutes talking to people that matter. What you're really doing is just spending 20 minutes connecting. Okay, so that's uh where you're literally going beep beep beep, right? You're connecting to a person. You're spending 20 minutes dialing. Do do do do do, right? So you're literally punching it into the phone. You're spending 20 minutes with some sort of like gatekeeper, which isn't the person you're actually looking for. Spending 20 minutes doing some sort of voicemail drop, and then finally you spend the last 20 minutes actually talking to a decision-maker, which is what you want. Um so, you know, like if you think about it, a whole 100-minute calling, how many are we actually doing what we want here? Like 20 minutes. So it's like 20% utilization, and that's one of the reasons why I don't really recommend cold calling unless you use something like a power dialer. What a power dialer does is it basically just eliminates the connecting time and then the dialing time, and then in some cases the voicemail time as well. So that you, you know, you don't actually spend 100 minutes doing this. You spend 40 minutes calling. And then of your 40 minutes, 20 minutes are on the phone with the gatekeeper, 20 minutes are on the phone with the decision-maker. Obviously, that is much more efficient. So much so that like, you know, it's about 2.5x. Um also, a lot of people use power dialers for inbound. The issue with power dialers, and there are a couple, is the way that they work basically is in order to eliminate the call time, what they do is if you have like, I don't know, three numbers. Let's just say this is a number 1 2 3, there's another one 4 5 6, and there's another one 7 8 9. Whatever. 1 2 3, 1 2 3, 1 2 3, except 4 5 6, 4 5 6, 4 5 6, 7 8 9, 7 8 9, 7 8 9. You know, normally what the dialer would do is it would call you know, you would call 1 2 3, and so you'd have like a dial time. And then you'd also have a connect time, right? Cuz you you have to dial it in, and then you have to connect with it. So you have to undergo this dial time, and maybe this is like 30 seconds in total. Then you're done with the call, and you have to do the same thing for this. There's another 30 seconds. You have to do another call, another 30 seconds. And maybe a bunch of these people don't even pick up. So what um power dialers do is they just like parallelize this. So what you do is you actually call 1 2 3 at the same time you call 4 5 6 at the same time you call 7 8 9. Whatever these fake numbers are, the idea is not all of them are going to pick up simultaneously, you know? This fella might not even pick up his phone. So that's taken care of. Maybe this one picks up, but this one picks up a little bit later. And so, what happens you actually end up connecting with 456. You can have a brief conversation with them. They say, "Sorry, I don't know looking for anybody right now." And then like when this person picks up you're also on the phone with this person. What that means is you've actually done two times as efficient as just calling, you know, a person sequentially essentially. Now, the issue is one, there's a limit on how many people you can dial simultaneously. And then two, a lot of these platforms and stuff like that especially like the older school ones that didn't really have these regulations. They do these things called automatic voicemail drops where you can voicemail people without actually having to like sit there and record the message. And so, what it does is you pre-record a message and then you just like drop it to like 50,000 phone numbers. And then boom, you know, 50,000 people get a little notification, "Hey, you got a voicemail." And it's like, "Wait, so you didn't even make the call." And so, there's a bunch of regulations against this essentially. And you know, I thought I'd just point that out to you guys. Especially for [clears throat] outbound calling. Okay, and then the third and one that I think is probably the stickiest like legality-wise. I probably would not do this is sending just pure cold SMS, cold WhatsApp, or using a third-party API that allows you to use one of these two. And to emulate colors on messaging platforms. What do I mean by colors? Remember earlier we talked about iMessage? iMessage is like iPhone iPhone communication, right? When you send a message from one iPhone to another, you know, it doesn't appear as like the usual SMS thing. It's a little blue message box. And then it has some advanced features and it usually sends via some sort of Wi-Fi or connection. And because of this, you know, people tend to trust like blue messages more. And so, there a bunch of platforms out there that like emulate actual sending behavior from iPhone to iPhone even if you're sending a campaign let's say just through your through your web browser or through an interface. So, in this way you get to emulate, you know, sending but then the color is blue and then the person on the other end of the line significantly more likely to respond to you. Same thing with cold SMS. A lot of platforms out there that allow you to send basically do what Instantly does for email but then for cold SMS. Some people out there are doing the same thing for WhatsApp right now. They're doing the same thing for a bunch of other like these messaging sort of apps, Telegram, Viber, and so on and so on. And I want you guys to know that like the cold outbound messaging is extremely regulated and like that is like very, very no-no. But these platforms sort of skirt it by distributing a big volume across like a bunch of numbers, usually in parallel without like really you know, a person at the like actually tracking the stuff ever being none the wiser. Okay, so these are like the advanced gray hat outbound techniques. As mentioned, I'm not going to recommend that you absolutely do any of these. I'm also not going to like sit here and moralize you. A lot of people are doing stuff like this. It's probably like steroids in bodybuilding, you know. People probably don't want to do it, but then all of their competitors are doing and they're like, "Oh [ __ ] you know, I feel like I probably have to." But that in a nutshell is it. Use whatever you want according to your own level of risk tolerance and then just understand that I'm not at all encouraging this. And that takes us to the end of the course. Thank you guys very much for making it this far. Had a blast running through everything to do with cold outbound. And I hope you guys learned as much as I did in the both the preparation and then the execution of the last probably like 4 and 1/2 hours or so. If you guys like this sort of thing, something like 70% of viewers don't subscribe. No idea why, but that's what the YouTube algo says. So if you're in that 70%, do me a solid and leave a subscription. I'd also love it if you could leave me a comment just telling me what else you'd like to see me record. I tend to create a lot of content based off of explicit requests from people just like you. It's how I listen to my audience. And aside from that, have a lovely rest of the day. I'll catch all y'all in the next one. See ya.
