# speedrunning an ai agency from $0 (cold calling + $6,500 close on cam)
# Expert: Noah Raskin
# URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZInH_RIDXQA

I built my agency to over $80,000 in a single month and I get questions every day of people asking me, does this still work? Is it oversaturated? So, I decided to prove that completely wrong. So, in this video I'm starting an AI agency from completely scratch, zero, none of my current clients, none of my past results, nothing like that, literally from scratch, A to Z. So, I'm going to pick the niche, build the offer, do the outreach, book the appointments, sell and you're going to see all of this live, start to finish as if I was starting over and had nothing. So, if you're looking to start or scale an AI agency and you want to see what it looks like from the trenches, this is the video for you. Let's get into it. Here's what the speed run's going to look like. So, then pretty much this is the foundation for starting any agency. A lot of people over complicate it. You really need these five steps right here. Number one, is you're picking a niche, right? Who are we going to deliver to? Who is going to be our ideal audience? I get people asking me questions as well like, Noah, why do we need a niche? Like, can I just go broad? You can go broad, but the thing is when you end up speaking to everybody, you end up speaking to nobody. So, it's kind of counterintuitive, but the more specific you can get, the better. So, the first thing we're going to do is pick a niche. We're then going to build an offer. What are we actually going to go and offer to this niche? The most important step then is actually going out and getting clients, which is what a lot of you guys are probably struggling with is how to go out and actually sign the clients. From there, closing them and then delivering the service. So, I'm going to go show you the concept plus a live demonstration of everything of me doing this for every single step right here that I'm showing you, literally skipping nothing. So, getting into the first step right away is picking your niche. So, step one is a niche. This is where honestly most people get stuck for weeks and I don't understand, but people try to look for the absolute perfect niche. When the truth is, there is no perfect niche. Let me say it again, there is no perfect niche. There's just a niche that passes three criteria and if it passes all of these three things, then you start and that's your niche right there. So, what I don't want you to go and do is spend more than 20 to 30 minutes on picking a niche. You should spend literally 10 to 15 minutes on picking your So, here's the three-step filter. So, number one is TAM. This stands for total adjustable market. Basically, a fancy word for how big is the market of this niche? Cuz what you don't want to go and do is you don't want to be in a niche where there's literally 5,000 of them in the entire United States because then, okay, you did outreach for 2 weeks and you already exhausted half of the entire market. You want to find something where there's literally unlimited opportunities. Obviously, there's never unlimited, but you want to find something where there's tons of opportunity. So, the first part is I would say look for at least 50,000 or more nationwide of this niche. So, as an example, if you work with roofers, you would go look up how many roofers are there in the US? You go look this up. You could see 135 to 166,000. I just say roofers as an example because that's a niche that a lot of people are in and it's definitely a solid niche, right? But you want to make sure there's at least 50,000 or more of them. Next is price point. You want to make sure that it's a high-ticket niche because what you don't want to happen is you're in a niche like barber shops or something where they're making, let's say, $100 per client. And that's still like a pretty expensive haircut. Like I better be getting lined up good if I'm paying 100 bucks for a cut. But $100, if you're getting them 10 clients a month, that's $1,000 a month right there. Whereas if you work with a high-ticket niche who makes, let's say, $2,000 per client, you get them two clients a month and they're making 4K a month, which obviously the more money you're making them, the more money they're going to pay you because you're worth more, right? You're paid on your value. Whereas if you're only making them 1,000 a month, paying you like 200 bucks a month doesn't make sense for them to pay you anything more than that. Then if they're And if you're making them 4K a month and they're happy to pay you 1 2K a month minimum. Right? So, that's the biggest thing is I would never go below. You don't want to go below 1,500 a month and you want to make sure that each client is paying you 1,500 to 2,000 a month because really all you need then to get to 10K, if you're getting paid 2K per client, you literally need five clients. Instead of if you're getting paid 500 bucks and you need 20 clients, you double the amount you need by not charging high ticket. The only way to charge high ticket is by being in a big enough niche where they where they charge high ticket themselves. And then lastly is proof of demand. You want to make sure that you're not reinventing the wheel. The thing is a lot of beginners overcomplicate what it actually takes. When we go and pick a niche, we're going to make sure that there's actually other agencies that are already doing well in this space. And again, it might seem counterintuitive like, "Okay, well they're already taking a lot of the market." I can tell you that literally it doesn't matter at all. I'm in the real estate niche. You don't know how many agencies are doing six-figure months in the real estate space. And people think, "Oh, it's so saturated." The thing is like, "Dude, I made it work from literally nothing." It just comes down to how you position yourself. So it's actually a better thing if there's more people in the niche cuz you know it's proven. You can go and get ideas from other people. And again, it means the model's already proven, already working. Once you check if you check all three of these, you check the TAM, the price point, the proof of demand, then that's your niche right there. Move to step two. Now, I'm going to literally go out and give you guys niches in like a list that you can literally go and start in right now. So good ones are roofing, you have solar, pool cleaning or pool service. Honestly, the whole contractor space in general is good. With the contractor space, it's like the blue collar. So it's like roofing, solar, pool cleaning, HVAC, uh painting contractors, landscaping. All these, you also have real estate, which is a good one as well. There's so many different niches, but I'm telling you guys like if you want a niche right now, if you're struggling, literally pick one of these that I just showed you. These are all good niches. I would not be showing you guys this if I if it wasn't good, right? So as an example though, to make sure it pass the test, we'll go look up HVAC. So how many HVAC companies are there in the US? 115,000. You can do that with any one of the ones here. Only only issue is that chiropractors are maybe there's not as many, so I wouldn't recommend chiropractors or as a beginner. Chiropractors uh are there in the US? Well, I guess there's still a 70,000. They're a bit harder to do cold outreach to, which is kind of an issue there. But they definitely still is a good niche. But, you can see all these are good niches right here. If you need a niche, here's your niche right here. Go pick it. So, for the sake of this video, we're going to go have our niche. So, we got one We're going to number one want to make sure TAM is 50k plus. We're going to make sure it is high ticket. And then we're going to make sure as well that there are other agencies in the in the niche. So, TAM is 50k plus. So, let's go look up how many realtors are there in the US? Over 1.5 million realtors in the US. Okay, so boom. There's It's high ticket or there's a lot of them. It's high ticket. They're making anywhere from 10, 15, 20k per transaction. The last thing so you can go and see how I would go and do this is we go and look at You would want to go and find if there's other agencies that are running ads in the space. So, we go look up on the Facebook ad library. We can go and see what other people are doing. We can look up something like realtors or we can do more more listings. Because in real estate, the what a deal for them is called like a listing. So, we can go and target and and look up this keyword cuz if a company's targeting realtors, they're going to be using advertisements and using words like, "Hey, get more listings." and stuff like that. So, we want to just go look for other agencies. That's basically what you're going to go and do. Like right here, this is this is one right here. This guy he he looks like he has an agency targeting realtors. But, then you're just going to scroll down here. You're going to go and find like here's another one right here. Boom. And you can go and see all of these like you're going to see all the ads people are running. You can also go and filter it so it's by ads that have been running at least a week. But, you like I can tell you like any big niche, there are going to be a lot of these businesses in a lot of other agencies in it. Right? So, honestly, the the niche like this is the this is the least important part. But, you can see like there are other people targeting realtors that we found. So, now that we have our niche validated, for me obviously I'm just in the real estate space. We'll just go with that. But, you could literally be any one of the niches on here. You can go and choose. They're all solid. But again, any one of the niches on here, you can go choose them, they're all solid. Just don't overcomplicate it. Now, the next step after we have our niche is we have step two, which is actually going out and building the offer. And I see one of the biggest mistakes that beginners make is they sell the service. What I mean by that is that you're trying to sell them that you do Facebook ads and that you're doing this, you're doing this, you're doing all this nerdy stuff. Like, you have the you have the cost per lead and all this stuff. They don't care about the cost per lead. All they want, at the end of the day, is more money in their pocket. That's literally all these business owners want. And if you can promise them more money, they're going to pay you. Now, obviously, there's a skill to the sales and stuff like that. But, you're not selling them, right? You have you have the plane. Here's the plane. You're not selling them the plane ride, you're selling them the the How do I draw a tree? I'm tweaking out. You're selling them the the trip to the Bahamas right here. You're selling them the trip with the with the sunshine and rainbows. You're not selling them the plane ride itself. Right? So, that's exactly how you need to think of it. That's why the offer is so important. So, everything is about the way that you position it. The outcome has to be first. The outcome is them getting their dream outcome, with more jobs, more clients, not Facebook ads. So, here's exactly how to go and frame it. So, most people go and say, "Hey, I run Facebook ads for you. I manage your paid advertising. I do social media marketing. It's $2,000 a month." But, what actually closes and how to actually frame it is hey, I get you 10 to 15 qualified leads per month. I build you a system that books calls while you sleep. This is like a desired outcome. Desired outcome. I basically run your entire lead gen department. This is still I I think you can even get better than this, but compared to go compared to this. Like, I build the infrastructure that generates you leads while you're sleeping, while you're having dinner with your family. You spend 2K, I make you 10K plus. Again, $2,000 seems expensive, but if that you're putting that $2,000 into get a guaranteed 10K out, then it completely changes it. $2,000 seems cheap. So, everything is about how you frame it. Right? If I told you, "Hey, this Can you give me $10,000?" You say, "No." Then you say, "Okay, well, I have this Lamborghini. Do you want it for $10,000? All of a sudden the 10k seems like it's nothing because the value of the Lamborghini. So it's the same service, but it's completely different close rate and they frame it completely differently just based off of how you frame it. So let me go and actually build out the offer with you guys. So who we're going to put our niche, which is basically businesses that want more clients, like real estate agents that want more clients, solar companies that want more clients. What we charge is we're going to go anywhere from 1,500 to 2,500 a month to start. There are a lot of good offers. I want to go and show you guys what some of these offers would be like cuz we're not always going out and just charging 1 and 1/2 or 2,000 up front. We can go and do some performance models where it's easier for them to say yes and we're also incentivized to perform. So I'm going to go show you guys a couple of those as well. What they get is basically 10 to 15 qualified leads per month via Facebook ads, you can do Google ads, YouTube ads, with the AI follow up bot that replies to every lead in under 30 seconds. So again, we're not just saying hey, we do Facebook ads, we have an AI follow up bot. We're telling them why it's beneficial, how we frame it. So 10 to 15 qualified leads. Replies to every lead in other and under 30 seconds so you don't have to waste your time following up with leads. Weekly report showing exactly what the ads are doing and showing the ROI, showing the return. I will also go and add that. And the guarantee, basically you can have something like this. If it doesn't work in 30 days, I work for free until it does. This is an example. This is definitely not the most optimal structure for beginners, but I want to go and show you guys a couple of other offers you can go and do. But this right here is like what your offer be. You don't need a fancy website, you don't need a pitch deck. You literally just need to be able to go and say this out loud. So let me go and put together the offer with you guys and show you like some different offers. So in the agency space, there's a lot of different offers you can go with. One that works really well for beginners is you do a setup plus performance based. Now I know we said we want to charge ideally 1.5 to 2k per client. A way but the the thing is you don't need to charge all this up front and just say hey, it's $2,000 per month. What you can go and do is we can do something as an example of doing a setup fee, we can go do something like $500 upfront plus $100 per appointment. Cuz what's easier for business owner to say yes to? $2,000 per month or $500 upfront plus $100 per appointment. Of course $100 per appointment, but the thing is if you have your service delivery dialed in and let's say you're getting them 10 appointments per month, all of a sudden if it's 10 10 * 100, that's $1,000 per month on top of the 500. Now all of a sudden you're making 1,500 a month from this client, but they only had to pay you 500 upfront. So who do you think is going to be easier to close? You're still making the same amount on the back end, but this one you're only collecting 500 upfront. Obviously you want to collect more and more upfront, but if you're just starting out, you need to have an offer that's easier to say yes to that differentiates yourself. And a question I get asked a lot is like, "Noel, like I don't have results. How how are people going to buy from me?" Number one, people buy based off of trust. Right? People buy based off of trust. They go with people that they trust. They don't care how many results you have. If you sound like a bot and they don't trust you, it doesn't matter. But all it is is trust and then also confidence and conviction, but also having a good sales process, which is something I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you guys a live call as well as you can go and see of how to go and position this. But that's really what it comes down to and the way that you justify it, hey, if they ask you, "Do you have any prior experience?" You can you can be honest. If you don't have experience, you don't need to you don't need to pretend like you're someone you're not cuz people can see through that. What you can go and do is say, "No, listen, I'll be honest, I don't, but that's exactly why I'm giving you this offer where literally if you're not making money, like if you're not if I'm not getting you results, you're not paying." And you can even go and add a risk reversal, a guarantee in this one where you can say, "If you don't at least get five appointments, I'll refund the $500." And you can even have that as a risk reversal to throw in there and you can literally position it, "If you're not making money, if I'm not getting you results, like I'm not paying you. You're not paying anything. But also frame it if you don't have a lot of results, frame it as the reason I'm willing to do this and like the benefit for you is like you're going to be one of my only clients. So I'm putting literally all my time and energy into you. Whereas if you go work with a big agency, they're going to hand you to some account rep in the Philippines who you're never going to be able to actually speak with and you're never going to get a hold of. Me, I'm going to check in with you and be sending you updates literally every single day. So all comes down to how you frame it because again, it's all based on trust. You don't need to have a million case studies and stuff. It comes down to who do they trust? So now that we actually have our offer, the next step is going and taking it and applying it so we can actually go and sign our first client. And for speed run, there is really one channel, one or two channels that get you faster than anything else when you're starting from zero. I almost position these two as the same cuz I would be doing both simultaneously. It's cold SMS and cold calls. The thing is with cold SMS, this is a passive form of prospecting because it's running for you. You're not manually sending out the messages. You're using a tool like GoHighLevel to basically go and send the messages out for you. And I have a snapshot. If you guys want the template for that, go use the link in the description. You can get my exact snapshot in a free trial as well. And then cold calling is active. And this is how I scale. I scaled my agency to my first 10K a month with just cold calling. I scaled to my first 35K a month with cold SMS. So I've used both of these, but you can do them both hand in hand. And I have guys that I work with one-on-one who are literally doing 5-10K a month just with cold calling. Right? And then I have guys doing bigger than that just with cold SMS. It's as simple as that. But you're not you don't need to go and do cold email. You don't need to do Instagram DMs. All that stuff is honestly like it works, but it's not as effective as cold SMS and cold calls. Now the reason I think that is number one, it's the fastest to set up. Like DMs and Instagrams or emails and DMs, like you got to warm it up. You got to buy accounts and stuff. Like literally you you you scale the same day that you start. It's that simple. And the reply rate, the open rate is much higher than cold email. And then obviously like when you're targeting local businesses, these guys, these business owners are on their phones constantly. They're not checking their email as much, especially like contractors and stuff. And that's why we want to reach them via SMS or cold calling cuz it's the most it's where we're going to get the most responses. So, let me kind kind of going to go and show you this. So, cold email, right? You need domain warm-up, which takes weeks. There's a lower reply rate. It's hard to scale fast. It's good for later, but not right away. Right? Cold SMS, I want you to start with this right away cuz it works same day. Highest response rate. You can scale it immediately. And then cold calling as well. You pick up the phone, you call. But also with cold calling, you're learning the the the skill of sales. Now, if you don't have time to do cold calling, then just do cold SMS. But I do recommend you do start with some cold calling if you haven't done a lot of sales and stuff before. What I'm going to go and show you is the text and also the cold call script. And with email as well, I have a horror story. I I bought probably $800 worth of domains. This was months ago um when I was doing maybe 7 or 8K a month of my agency. I was going to do cold email. I bought all these domains, and then they all got blacklisted or spam, or they got marked as spam. So, I had to drop like another thousand dollars on domains, and then the couple weeks later I was like, "Dude, like it's just not worth it. Why don't I just go do cold SMS?" So, that's exactly then what I do what I want to show you guys. So, here's the three text SMS sequence, kind of what it looks like. So, first thing is the contact added to workflow, and then I'm going to go and show you guys how to actually set this up in GoHighLevel so you can copy it. Pretty much the first message is is message number one. "Hey John, are you able to take on more jobs right now?" And this obviously fills in with the business owner's name. Six hours later, if they don't reply, "Hey John, are you fully booked out?" And then last text is just "John?" {question mark} {question mark}. Notice like we make it seem very very just authentic, very genuine. Use a lowercase H right here. But this is really all you need to do for cold SMS. I would recommend split testing and doing some more variations, but you can start out just by doing this. And then in terms of cold call script, I'm giving you guys a ton of sauce right here. This is a cold call script I made a while back and I actually used and I'm going to show you guys some live cold calls as well. But basically, opener, "Hey, this is name, right? Hey, my name's Noah. If I told you this was a cold call, would you want to punch me in the face? Do you have 15 seconds super quick?" All that works. The biggest thing though is that you're doing a pattern interrupt. That's the most important part. You're interrupting the pattern of what they're used to. Or you can also say, yeah, variation two, "Hey, this is a cold call. Do you have 15 seconds super quick?" These two openers work really well. "Awesome. So, I basically work with two or three roofers or two or three plumbers around your area. I've been getting some pretty decent results lately. We're not hyping ourselves up. Pretty decent results." Not saying, "Hey, we get people amazing results." Cuz that's what everyone says. "Three to four jobs a month, nothing crazy." Acting like that's just casual, which is them, they're like, "Okay, that sounds pretty good." But to be honest, I've actually never worked with a plumber in in in your city, which is why I did want to reach out. I guess before I even like go more though, I mean, are you even looking at able to take on more jobs right now? So, again, we're having them qualify to us. "Yes, I am. Okay, sweet. So, basically, how we've been getting results, how we've been getting plumbers more jobs recently is by" and then you have your three pillars with your pitch without the pain points, which is usually lead quality, they got burned before, bad communication, etc. etc. And then call to action at the end. I guess does that sound like something that's like terrible or I guess how does that sound to you? Okay, sounds good. Okay, cool. I mean, which part do you like specifically? Right here, we're getting them to justify which part of our of our pitch do you like? Do you want? And now they're selling themselves subconsciously. They go and tell you, "Awesome. So, let's do this." And then you have the CTA to hit to go book a call. This is CTA two and then you go book a call with them, right? And then you have the show rate sequence and all that in place. Let me go and actually show you guys setting this up. So, first I want to go and show you the actual SMS sequence and then I'll go and do show you some some cold calls that I did that I recorded as well. Then we can go review those. So, we're going to go into our Go HighLevel and we're going to choose our initial SMS sequence. This is where the all the contacts go. And again, if you guys want this this exact thing, you can just go use my Go HighLevel link below. But, we'll zoom in on this a little bit. So, pretty much you add the leads here. This is the trigger. I'm going to show you guys how to add them as well. It pretty much goes and adds a tag on them, which says SMS. Then, you assign it to the user. You assign it to yourself or your setter, whoever's doing these. You have it drip mode, so it's sending out two messages every minute. This is just so that we're not just spamming people sending out 50 messages every second, cuz then obviously that's fishy. They know it's spam. They're going to flag your number. What you can then go and do is you can split it, where then you can test multiple different messages at once, which is what I'd recommend. But, it's going to look like this. You tag each message, so you know which one's which. It'll be something like this. Like, "Hey, contact name. I'm Noah. Just saw you on Google. Was curious if you've ever tried AI UGC ads to bring more jobs. Can I send you more info?" That's an example. You see right here I I I put these other ones. These are other ones that we split test. So, I'm just showing you guys some different variations, so you can get get some better ideas. This one it waits 30 minutes, and then the next SMS goes out. Did my last message go through? I'm a real human. Haha. Then, wait 24 hours, then you send out the next message. And then again, we're split testing these. The highest leverage thing you can do with SMS is split test the opener. Pretty much the second someone replies, what it's going to do is send us a notification once somebody replies, and then we're going to go and call them. What it's going to go and look like is going to be, "Hey, is this John? Hey John, this is Noah here to tell you you responded to my message a second ago about getting more jobs. Is this the the right number?" "Yeah, it is." "Okay, cool. I mean, do you mind if I if I ask you a couple quick questions to see if what we do would be a potentially good fit about what you're looking for?" No, it's like potentially good fit. We're not saying, "Hey, like I want to pitch you this is exactly what you need." We don't know what they need. But, we got to go we're we're trying to have them qualify us. Okay, cool. How many jobs you do did you do last month? Um How are you currently getting jobs? Now, ask some qualifying questions. Then, I want to run through like a little mini pitch of like what we do. That way they can kind of get some context, and then we want to then go into the call to action to book them in. Right? That's pretty much the setting process when someone replies there. So, that's the SMS sequence, but you guys might also be wondering, how do you actually go and get leads to send the SMS out to? So, let me go and show you a completely free method. This is using a tool called Instant Data Scraper in Google Maps. You're going to go on Google Maps, you're going to go look up realtors in Chicago or whatever whatever area you're in. I have this scraping sheet right here as well. It has every single city in the US, the top 1,000 cities by population. And then also we can sort it by Pacific time zone, Mountain time zone, Central, and then Eastern time zone as well. But, what we're going to go and do is we're going to look up realtors in Chicago. We're going to go to Chicago on this sheet. So, we have Chicago. Where is it? Chicago right here. So, we're going to do processing cuz we're in the middle of scraping it. You're going to go on Google Maps, you're going to scroll down all the way to the bottom of this sheet, and this is the one of the best ways to scrape leads for free. And we're going to be able to go scrape like 100 leads within literally 20 seconds, as you're going to go and see. So, once you're at the bottom, you see it has a phone numbers and stuff here. That's what we're scraping. Once you're at the way bottom, you reach the end of the list, you're going to click this little icon here, Instant Data Scraper. And then you can see it gives us the name and then also the phone number. We're going to click copy all. We're going to go over to our Central Standard Time Zone leads cuz that's what these ones are. We can put the date as we can put the city, so Chicago, and then the date. And then what we can go and do is when we're cold calling them, we can also put the status of like called, not called, but also we can export this. You can uh download as a as a CSV, then you upload this to Go HighLevel. So, you can also send these leads out, you can send the SMS to these leads, but also you can cold call them, too. So, that's exactly how you go and scrape them. I know some people have questions on that, but again, I don't want to gatekeep anything for you guys. But now, after that, now you know how to get the leads, set up the SMS, I'm going to show you some live cold calls that I did that actually booked in and walk them through, break them down with you on why they work. So, let's go and play these cold calls. >> Hello. >> Hey, this is Melissa, right? >> Yes. >> Hey And it's sped up a little bit, by the way. >> Melissa, my name is Noah. I'm going to be completely honest, this is actually just a cold call. I was just wondering if you had 15 seconds. >> So, I'm using the opener, "Hey, I'm going to be honest, this is a cold call. Do you have 15 seconds?" So, I'm using the pattern interrupt right there. >> I appreciate your honesty. What are you selling? >> Yeah, so to give you the >> She goes, "Yeah, I appreciate your honesty." Right? Yeah, I'm I'm positioning myself as I'm different than all the other people you hear every single day calling you. >> Here's a quick rundown. Basically, I've helped multiple realtors across the US just add an extra deal to their business within the >> I've helped multiple realtors just add an extra deal. Right? So, now I'm not saying I helped you add 10 deals. Like just an extra deal, like nothing crazy. But even a deal for real estate is really good, cuz they're making like 10, 15,000 dollars from it. >> first two, three weeks of working together. I have a system using pre-recorded ads on YouTube to just send you a handful of serious opportunities. Basically, so >> I have a system to send you a a handful of just serious opportunities. So, just a handful. I'm not saying I I I can send you 50 leads a month. I'm saying I can send you a handful of serious opportunities. Because the other thing is these business owners, they don't want a ton of leads. They just want a handful of serious ones. >> You can close an extra one, two deals a month. I know >> Close an extra one or two deals a month. Again, quantifying what she's going to actually get, what's the benefit, but also not over promising. Like one or two deals a month is nothing crazy, really. >> See, I don't expect you to believe a word that comes out of my mouth right now, just cuz I know you get a million calls like this every day. But I was just kind of curious if you'd just be open to seeing how I could potentially >> If you'd be open to seeing how I could potentially >> do that for you. >> do that for you. >> I would be open. >> Okay. >> See, I would be open. I'm not asking, "Hey, can I have your credit card on the spot?" It's a Is that something you'd be open to? Yeah, I'd be I mean, I'd be open to it. I'm not against getting more deals. >> I mean, who is, right? >> I would be open. >> Got you. Yeah, I know. Yeah, go ahead. >> It's not a good time, cuz I'm trying to get listings updated, two listings updated, and then getting caught up on >> So, it's a bit quiet. She's saying it's not a good time. She's trying to get her like listings updated and stuff. So, let's see how I go handle this. >> I understand, but I am interested in what you have to say. So, just to clarify, this is a lead generating service based on a YouTube ad? >> Uh-huh, yeah. So, I don't I don't I don't try I So, I go for the lead generation, and then also the basically booking you appointments, and just sending you those. >> Yeah, so it's not in that I'm positioning, it's not just generating leads, it's also it's more of an appointment generation service. You're just taking handful of qualified appointments. Rather than position myself as a commodity of hey, we just do lead generation. >> Okay. Um can we talk on Monday? >> Yeah, for sure. Let me just get my calendar up. Um let's see. >> And a change I would have made here is I would have to let her told me when can we talk? I would have said, "Hey, I I have times available at this time or this time, which works better for you?" Positioning myself as the authority and not letting her be in control of conversation. Cuz whoever's asking the questions is the one that's in control. >> Yeah, do mornings or afternoons typically work better for you? >> And then you see we're booking her in, going to go get her the calendar or her email address and send a calendar invite over. That's pretty much like what the cold call looks like and you can see it's pretty straightforward. It's a massive numbers game and then on your leads sheet, you just put if it was next to her, you put called, you put booked, you put whatever and then you go to track that they're going to the next call. But you should be doing like if you're doing both of these, there's no reason you shouldn't be booking three to five appointments per day if you both these done correctly. So, congrats, you're actually booking appointments now. The next step is the actual sales call itself and this is where a lot of people lose clients, not because the offer is bad, right? I mean, I literally gave you guys the best offer to go and do. We have our offer and stuff on this sheet right here. You guys can literally go copy this, but it's because they don't have a framework for when they're actually on a call. So, I'm not telling you this step-by-step script. I'm not giving you exactly what to go out and say, but you need to have some sort of framework to actually go out and follow. They end up freestyling your pitch too early and then the the second someone goes and says, "Let me think about it, send me an email." You just agree with them and then you know how that goes. You never end up hearing from them again. This is the exact framework I use on every single call. This is after pretty much I've gotten stomped on on calls where I have feel like I'm like I'm younger, like I'm as a person in your like now I I turned 20 yesterday, but as a teen like as a teenager or someone in your early 20s, when you're on a call with a business owner who's literally double your age, they usually automatically have the authority just with their age, but I've been able to take the authority from these business owners even as a 18, 19, 20-year-old because I follow this framework. So, let me go and show you this and I want to show you guys this in actual practice on a live call. So, step one is rapport. You just want to build a connection. You just want to show them that, "Hey, I'm a real person." Step two is the frame. So, I just want to basically You want to tell them how the call is going to go. Cuz again, if you need to set the frame, this shows them that you're the authority. You're the one in control of this conversation. So, I'm going to ask you some questions to see to see if we're even actually a fit. Does that sound good with you? What we're looking for is a verbal confirmation them to tell us, "Yes, you can ask me questions." Is pretty much what we're looking for. We need them to buy into our process. After that, we want to find the problem right away. So, a a great question, a great way to do this is ask, like, "What What made you want to jump on this call with me?" Then they're going to go and tell you, "Oh, I need like I need more leads. I need this. I need that." Find the problem right away. A sale is made with a gap. And the problem is in here. The bigger the problem, the bigger the gap, the bigger the sale. The more money the the money's in this gap right here. Next is the goal. So, I guess what does success look like for you the next 12 months? Um different ways to frame it, but I guess what do you want to be doing in the What do you want to be doing in the business? What's the goal this year? Then we want to go into current state. I sometimes flip-flop these. It depends person to person just because all the prospects are different. You need to have a You need to understand the prospects and humans at a fundamental level to know who you're selling to. Right? So, then we want to go into current state. I guess how are you currently getting business now? What have you tried to fix this before? What worked? What didn't work? Why do you think that didn't work? And actually probing. This is a big thing a lot of people miss is you don't probe, right? You have all these generic questions. Anyone can go through a line of questions, but knowing where to probe, knowing where to be curious, that's where what separates someone who closes at 5% to someone who closes at 35%. Next is bridges then. I guess this And this is a massive one. So, a lot of these business business owners they're they have big egos. They're going to go and say, "Oh, like my referrals and stuff it's already doing pretty well." We say, "Okay, awesome. Like I guess why not just keep doing more referrals then if it's working so well for you?" Literally ask them, "Why can't you keep doing what you're doing?" Then they go and tell us the reason they need to make a change cuz if they think that they can keep going do what they're doing, why would they pay you 1,500 bucks, 2,000 bucks to end the call when they have this viable option they can already do? We're getting them to tell us why they can't keep doing what they're already doing. Next is urgency. So I guess what happens if nothing changes in the next 6 months? That's one way to ask it. That would be for a more emotional-based prospect. Otherwise, you go and ask it like I guess for you, why is this a priority for you now? And it's only after you have all this ammunition. This can only be This is only a good potent question if you have all this other stuff in place. Otherwise, it's not going to hit. Next is pre-pitch. You pretty much tease the solution, but more importantly, you want to show them that you're confident. You just want to show confidence. Then you want to pitch outcome first, service second, price last. That's pretty much like a three-step framework for it. I'm not going to go into all this now. Um and then you go into the close. Pretty much you I would also go and add a tie-down in here where you're asking you're double-checking that they're 100% good on the process. I have more videos where I go through this more in depth, but I want to show you guys an actual live call so you can go out and see it in practice. Then you want to go and close them. You want to assume the close. And then you have objections. The framework for any objection is you want to reassure. Hey, not a problem. Tie-down. Just so I can be sure, are you Is this something you're 100% sure on the process itself? Yeah, I'm 100% sure on the process itself. Okay, gotcha. So I guess is it really just the money then? That's a good example. They say, "I need to think about it." Yeah, it's just the money. Then you go find the actual real objection. Cuz a lot of times the objection they give isn't the actual real objection. It's a smoke screen. So we need to go and find the real objection. Well, that being said again, I can go through all this hypothetical stuff. I want to actually go and show you guys a live call so you can go and see me doing this in practice and what it actually looks like. Okay. >> Oh. >> That's There we go. >> Really loud. >> [laughter] >> I don't start hearing like hypersonic stereo. >> Screaming at you. >> Okay. >> Let me know Let me know when you're outside. >> Okay. I'm I'm ready. >> Awesome. So, you're over are you are you Houston area or where are you at specifically? >> Yeah, I'm in Houston. >> Okay. How I'm I'm actually going I'm in Minnesota right now. I'm going to I'm actually looking at apartments over in Austin May 13th. I've heard I've heard great things about it. >> Yeah, Austin's great. >> Yeah, I I yeah, familiar with the Dallas area, Houston. How far are you from from Austin? >> So, Austin's about 2 and 1/2 hours from Houston. >> Okay, got you. >> Yeah, and it's probably about the same distance to Dallas, too. So, it's kind of right in the middle. >> Yeah, yeah. Okay. >> But Austin's great. It's expensive, but it's it's great. >> Yeah, I'm going to see I've heard yeah, really good things about it. I'm going to see we're in a couple places downtown, but we'll we'll see. Are you doing are you real estate full-time? >> No, it's part-time, but I think I probably do more than some full-time agents. Um, I sold, you know, like 10 properties last year and I'm about to have five listings. Um, and I've already sold a couple this year and so it's going really well, but I have a full-time job. So. >> Okay. >> Yeah, I work in the morning. >> What's the reason that you I guess is the goal with the real estate? Is it just as some extra income like you're you're good at it and sell some properties or >> No, yeah, I'm trying to go full-time. It's just hard. I mean, I just haven't made enough yet to be able to feel comfortable making the transition. So. >> What would that number be if you thought about that? >> I honestly would need to be selling um probably 12 million a year to where I feel comfortable making the switch. >> And with the 10 deals you did last year, how much how much volume was that from those 10? >> Like 3.7. >> Okay. So, we'd be getting to what 30 30 40 a year? Deals? >> Uh well, it all depends on how much the you know. I'm I'm more concerned about dollar volume cuz that's what, you know, that's where your commission comes from. But um I don't care. I mean, I could sell one house for $12 million and be happy. I could, you know, take off the rest of the year. But um no, it's really about dollar volume. So, like I've already had uh almost a $2 million like a 1.9 um sell this year and then I have a 1.7 listing. So, those together would be, you know, more than I sold all of last year or about the same. So. >> Yeah. So, what's the average that you are I guess let me ask, what do you what what would be like your perfect like ideal listing that you would want to target with something like this? >> I mean, I definitely want to hit I don't really I'm I think I I don't know who I was speaking speaking to earlier, but I had said that I like I really don't want to do anything less than I'll take whatever. I don't discriminate, but like if I could get into where I'm booking like um sorry, my computer's going to die. Um if I'm booking, you know, 500 plus would be great. Um I don't I mean, I say that, but I have I have one listing that I took today that's probably only going to sell for like 150 and same and then I have another listing that I haven't put on the market yet that's probably about the same like sub par, you know, sub 200. But again, I mean, I'm all of those things lead to other things. So, I I'll take whatever. But um my ideal is, you know, 500 plus. Like I think there's a probably like a sweet spot around like 750 or whatever. I mean, it it can take a lot of work I mean, it can take a lot of work to sell, you know, a $1 million I just sold a $1.9 million property. It didn't take any work to get them to the house. It took a lot of work to get through the whole process. That was like was really crazy, but you know, I I guess I'd rather work with one client selling one house than four or five trying to make up, you know, the difference so. >> Yeah. Ideally, we want to be at and that's what that's what Caleb told me as well from our conversation. Minimum 500 ideally. If it's If it's a little under, not going to turn it down if it sounds like it. >> Yeah. I'm not going to turn it down. Yeah. I'm not going to turn anything down, but that's what I would like to focus on. >> Okay. Got you. So, I know you said you're doing a lot of like you're very into like the like the AI systems like new ways and stuff. Like I guess how are you currently getting business right now? Like what does that look like? >> So, all of my business is through referrals and repeat customers. >> Okay. >> Repeat clients. Yeah. So, I don't I haven't gotten any through um like advertising that I haven't tried. So, um I just don't have the like capacity, I guess. Um between two jobs and being a single mom and like trying to have a little bit of a life. There's, you know, creating my own stuff and generating everything other than my fun little AI videos that I like to make. I don't have time for really to do anything else. So, I'm very I'm very fortunate that um I have all of my all of my business is um referrals or repeat. >> Yeah, that's great. I guess one thing that comes to mind for me is you don't have any time. Like I guess how could I help you if you don't have time to take on more deals? Which is fine if you don't, but I don't think we >> [clears throat] >> need it if you can't take on more. >> No, I can take on more if I if I get more, then I could quit my full-time job. So, I mean, that's my that's my point. Like if I had if I could just get a couple more deals in the pipeline that it cuz it builds, right? So, I'm used to If I could just like the I did living month to month is not I've done that my whole life. Like if I just know that I have stuff in the pipeline, everything leads to another, so. I I think I I mean I know I have the capacity, so. >> Okay, so it's So the goal is like right now obviously you're slammed doing I mean you're you're doing you're doing pretty decent volume for being part-time, and then you have a job. What do you do for What do you do for work? What's your job? >> Um I work for an oil and gas company. I do contracts and procurement, so. >> Okay. How long have you been there for? >> I've been doing that work for about 30 years. >> Okay, wow. I guess what what changed like recently? Was it something recent where you're like I like I can't keep doing this, I need to do real estate? Or when did kind of the shift happen where you like you want need to go full-time into real estate? >> Freddy, you remember that thing a few years ago ago called COVID? >> It brings a bell. >> Yeah. So when I when COVID hit at the very beginning, I got laid off from the job that I had at the time, which I was a >> [clears throat] >> procurement and contracts manager for an oil and gas company. And then gas was trading at negative, and oil and gas was trading at negative, and so it was really hard to get back into that industry. And so um I decided to get my real estate license. So I had it for I guess you know, a little over 4 years now, 4 and 1/2 years. And so it's just been like slowly building, so it takes a while, you know, to build your um clientele in the industry. But at the same time like because it hasn't built as rapidly as I would love it to, I had to go back to work and you know, have a kid to feed, so. Um so I finally that oil and gas industry kind of was starting to open up again, and so I was able to go back into it, and still work on my passion that I've my newly developed passion, which is real estate, so I'm still working on that and try to build that business. So I just try to work extra hard, and I mean like I say, like I don't I have capacity. I have capacity to sell more homes. I don't have capacity to make up my own advertising and all that stuff, So, you know, I'd I'd rather be out selling than than having to sit there and create ads and everything for myself. >> Well, cuz yeah, I mean, at the end of the day, you only have a 20 There's only 24 hours and you can't You're already spread too thin. It's like where your time needs to spend as a business owner is on what's the highest leverage thing that I can be doing, which is taking the conversations. >> Sure, sure. Exactly. >> And I I my run my business the exact same way. Um so, what what's your timeline, I guess, for getting out for I ideally going full-time in real estate? Are you trying to do that like as soon as possible? >> Yeah, as soon as possible. >> Okay. >> As soon as possible. That's what I was saying, like if I had some things lined up, you know, and I knew that if I knew that >> [clears throat] >> as nothing's guaranteed, right? But if I saw that I had something like five more deals in the pipeline that looked pretty good, then I could, you know, I could probably which could make that decision. >> So, I guess right [clears throat] now with like the like the referrals, the way you've been doing things, do you have like a do you know, okay, like this month I have like this coming in or is it kind of just like a what like when it still get a call then okay, now I'm doing a deal now? >> Yeah, so I keep a Yeah, I keep a like a pipeline log and um so, like I have it built out to if everything comes to fruition, like this year I could definitely triple my business from last year. But things come like the one that I listed this morning, my mom's friend passed away. Like we didn't expect her to die. So, there's there are things like that that just pop up, you know? But then some things that I thought happen were going to happen drop out. So, it's just like kind of an ebb and flow, but but I have my pipeline log and I follow up with things and >> [clears throat] >> then I get these surprises like the listing I took this morning. So, it just yeah, but I constantly It's just not like a complete free-for-all, but I try to manage some kind of semblance of organization in my life, but >> Yeah, it's good to have Yeah, it's good to have that. I guess is there a reason you don't just go like double down on the like just your past clients and stuff? Like would you be able to get up to 12 million just by going in like just having more touch points with them or just doubling down on that? >> Yeah, probably. Um that's one of my um I think one of my things I don't do well is is keeping in touch with people and keeping like top of mind as they like to say. So, um you know, I see them on Facebook or social media and I always try to make a point to like pop in every once in a while and say hi, but I I don't have a um like a newsletter that I send out or I don't have any really marketing that I keep in touch with my clients with. So, yes, I mean I could do much better on a lot of things. So. >> So, I guess on that note, what's this kind of style I guess you're like looking for with the ads ideally? Like is it like are you looking for more like value-based? I have a vague idea obviously on what I know works, but I'm curious for like for you if you have something in mind on how you want to kind of portray your brand and put yourself out there. >> It'd probably be value-based. Um but I would do whatever was I mean whatever >> [laughter] >> whatever you suggested. But but I would like to kind of lead with, you know, a value um I guess value proposition. I don't I don't want to be like a hard sell by any means. Cuz I think that once I get into um meet people that I can sell myself, but I'm not going to stand out and shout and yell and like I'm the best real, you know, realtor. >> Pick me. Pick me. Yeah. Yeah. That's what every single agent says. So, you two, I'm not sure if it's I know some agents are one way, some the other. I'll go into it. You're not going to We're not getting a ton of leads coming in. Like we're getting maybe 10 to 15 a month. So, like three or four leads a week. But conversion rate on those like I want one at least one or two converting a month is where we're is where we're kind of going to be at. So, I'm not sure if like I mean if you kind of prefer like quality side, that's a lot of what we focus on rather than 50 leads. >> No, I would quality is much better than quantity, for sure. >> And do you do you know your conversion I know it's it's a lot of like warm appointments are going on. Do you know or have an idea if you were to go on 10 let's say 10 listing appointments with someone who's qualified looking to sell, how many of those do you feel like you would be able to like convert and get the listing, get the paper signed? >> I've never not gotten one, so >> There you go. >> Well, one time that I didn't get one, I went saw him twice and then he went with somebody else, but then he came back to me and I sold his house. Which is so weird, like I don't know what I I think that he was had a I was honest with him about the value of his home. Some other person that came in said that they could sell it for a lot more. After 6 months of being on the market, you know, we end up selling him for what I told him that it was going to sell for, so. Yeah, but he did come back to me. But otherwise, yeah. >> sounds like it comes down to just getting in front of people who are genuinely looking to sell. If you can get in front of people and I mean I I I mean I think right now as well I getting the way I see it if we could get five leads a month and then three of them are ready to go, I would much rather do that than get 50 to find three who are ready to go. >> Right, absolutely. >> Especially with your schedule cuz like right now that's my only potential concern is even with your time now I know you said you are busy, don't have a ton of bandwidth now, would you be able to handle say like like a lead every other day or so like would that be doable? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah, so that's no problem. >> Okay. >> I think I'm all right, yeah. I mean again if I if there's I have a steady stream and if I'm getting conversions and stuff then I could open myself up to a lot more time cuz I could, you know, leave my full-time job. So. >> I did have a I did have an agent. He's actually he's a broker, but he I think we've done He did five listings in our first that came from the first 2 months of advertising. >> Oh, wow. >> So, I mean exactly like we can definitely like ramp it up. It's not always instant. I'm always very upfront with that. This isn't some get-rich-quick scheme, but if you're looking for what it sounds like, I mean, even just seeing, okay, I have a I'll have a seller looking to sell here, then there, then there, then there, then there. And like then you know that, okay, I know this isn't a pipeline and it's continued to grow. Then you'd be able to go full-time. And the thing about me, once you do go full-time, we just ramp it up. Now we're putting that much more time into it. And it would just snowball even more. >> Right, absolutely. Yeah. >> So, I mean I mean based on everything I'm seeing, at the end of the day, I mean, it's really what I I I know what I what I can do, and it's pretty much get you in front of a handful of people who are looking to sell. Your only job is pretty much going out and just doing your part, which is where you should be spending your time taking the conversations with them. So, I can definitely walk through it now. I guess is there anything else you want to add specifically, any questions you have before I jump into it so far? >> No. >> Okay, perfect. And by the way as well, what do you What do you think about being on video? How do you feel about shooting video? >> Oh, I'm fine with it. Um I've been in a couple movies, so um I'm used to being in front of camera. >> Okay, perfect. >> Yeah, I mean I mean I'm not like a prolific actress, but I can just say that I have some I am DB credits. >> You'll be You'll do a lot better than I I have some agents I'm like, there's no like You think that's a good video? And they put that up and then and then and then it'll they'll get a listing from it. >> Oh, yeah. >> I'm always surprised, but I just feel like the bar the bar is low with video. >> I mean it It is, and I think that So, like I question that because like I have really fun making my AI videos until Sora died um on supposedly Sunday, but I was still making videos until yesterday morning. But, um, lots of fun and I think cool action videos and stuff, but which you can't do if I am standing in front of the camera without like a huge Hollywood budget. But, um, I think that people, you know, I guess that people just like authenticity sometimes, too, and like these really crappy videos, people are just like, "Oh, I can relate to that guy, you know?" >> I didn't even we shot the shot it in his car. I'll I'll walk through the ads and stuff and give you an idea, but he shot it in his car sitting down and he's gone he's a guy who I mentioned he got the a 5 million and a 3 million dollar property. We shot it we shot a couple different times, but literally sitting in his car. It's ridiculous. >> Wow. Wow. That's crazy. [clears throat] >> Yeah, people want to go with someone that that they trust and that's kind of the point of the ads is positioning you as okay, like you're I'm a trusted advisor in this area. And if they like in your especially when you're leading with value, it's kind of like the law of reciprocity. They they receive and now they feel like okay, like I got good value. Like if I'm giving someone a call, it's going to be Tracy. >> Right. Yeah. I mean I I mean I can do I mean what you're saying is not hard, right? And then I mean, I can make a video and I can take some calls and I can sell. I don't I just need to know how I'm going to pay for it, so. >> Yeah. No, I hope so. I try to make it pretty pretty simple. But, yeah, so in terms of next steps in the investment, so usually it takes one or two weeks to get started, so about 7 to 14 days. Your only job is just shooting the videos. From there we'll be good to go. You'll start getting leads within the first week. Usually first listing appointment is in the first one or two weeks. >> Mhm. >> I've had agents go and sign their a listing as soon as two weeks, three weeks, four weeks. So, it can happen pretty relatively quick, as well. >> Mhm. >> That's kind of the next steps, what that looks like. Any questions on that? How that how that looks like? >> No. >> Okay. So, first part is going to be the ad spend of the investment. This is what's going to go directly to YouTube. This is what's going to get us in front of about 40 or 50,000 people a month. So, I'm not touching any of this. Well, this is the marketing budget that we're pushing out to reach about 40,000 homeowners a month. Sellers, starting with $50 a day. If you want to go buyers, then I would recommend 30 bucks a day. >> Okay. >> Or you do either or to start. >> Okay. >> Any questions on the ad spend? Does that make sense? >> Yeah, and that's to that gets up to you said 40,000 homes or >> with the with the 50 bucks a day, that'll be about 40,000 people. And then the 30 will be about half that, so around it'll be like 20, 25,000. >> Okay. >> Ad spend makes sense? Any questions on that? >> Mhm. No, that makes sense. >> And then what I do in terms of the management, there's no other like extra fees you pay for software, GoHighLevel. I I already have that. I know you have it as well. Um my editor, all this is included. So, I either do a monthly, otherwise I have a 6-month, which is what I I recommend. That's what I do with most agents, but I always give an option to do a monthly. So, if you want to do a month by month for me to do all the management, all the stuff in place, it's just 2,000 just on a monthly basis. Otherwise, if you want to do a 6-month, which is what I do with most agents, it's just 6,500 for the entire 6 months. >> Oh, okay. Yeah, that's a huge that's a good savings. Okay. So, 6,500. Okay. Versus 2,000. And this is okay. Okay. Yeah, that's a really it's a huge difference. >> Yeah, and the reason I do that is I I've genuinely found if you can commit to this for 6 months, I don't think I've had an agent who hasn't been profitable within a 6-month period. If you genuinely just get the videos done, you take the conversations, you're actually calling the leads when they come in, that's the reason I do that. I know for a fact as long as you're doing your part and you're getting me the videos and stuff on time, like we're going to make money from it. >> Right. >> That's the whole point at the end of the day. But then obviously like I want to and then we and then we scale it up, too. As we go. >> Right. >> Like I said, [clears throat] I mean as long as as long as you're going to make my you're going to make me look good cuz I mean if you're if you've been in movies, you're not going to have a problem with these videos. And as long as you can get those videos done to me on time, like we are going to we are going to it's going to be fun. I can tell you that. And I guess are you leaning towards the the sellers or the buyers that you want to start with? >> Again, I don't discriminate. I mean um for me honestly I would say that sellers are easier because it's kind of like a set it and forget it in a way and I am just I mean I have to stage their house, I take the pictures and then I can go do my thing. I mean even some that are I'm not even like I've had a couple that have no, I don't want an open house. Let's not do open houses at my house, you know, so and their open houses really aren't that fruitful anyway, so then I'd rather start doing the online kind of meet and greet seminars, you know, through YouTube or web or whatever. >> Webinars, yeah, sure, so. But I mean once I mean once you get more listings in the pipeline as well, like some of them are going to be buyers as well. And then not even to mention the referrals you're going to get from them either. >> Correct. And that and that's what I say. So like all my business is built on referrals. If I could just get a few few new people, then it's a snowball effect, right? So they're going to refer me, too, because I think I do a great job cuz other people have referred me and they're going to be repeat customers, so then my business can really snowball, so. >> Well, I mean on my end, I mean you're check checking all the boxes and I mean for me I'm I'm I'm willing to do that. If you if you if a deposit works for you, we can get on board and we'll be good to go. And then what are you doing so I have an idea then what are you thinking timeline timeline-wise for then getting going with the with the rest. >> Um I I just I mean it's again that you never know when when the deals are going to go. I don't have anything that's closing right now. I would just I mean I'd have to We'd have to check back in a couple weeks to see where my where my next >> Well, that'll be I mean like I said like I can literally start setting up all the stuff on the back end and then by that time like we'll pretty much have all the stuff in place and then you just let me know and then we'll jump on a call kind of go over again everything make sure we're on the same page and then we'll we'll kick off be good to go. >> Yeah, I mean the faster I can get on YouTube the the faster I can pay you. So >> Yeah, let's do it. So yeah, you're good with 100% going through the process everything deposit [clears throat] works. >> Yeah, yeah. >> Perfect. Well, I'll shoot that over right now and then I will send over a couple forms for you to fill out just so then I can go and start customizing the scripts to you specifically. I think we'll be I I'm I'm I'm really excited for it. Again, I I always Yeah, I keep bringing it up but I mean the fact that if you're genuinely good on video you are going to do you are going to do well with this. >> Yeah. I wish I my the my So the one one of the movies I was in I was I played a drunk. So that was really exciting. >> [laughter] >> So but it's not up on the internet. So I can't it's so weird. So the director hasn't put it up yet but they're all independent films and but it's fun. >> Yeah, I bet that was very cool. >> I'm not you know. >> So I'll put the the link in the chat right now. That's just for the the 500 and in the meantime I'll get the onboarding stuff ready. But then other than that that's your only homework in the meantime and I'll be able to start working on your scripts and everything. >> Okay. Okay, are you going So are you you're going to send me a conch so I know what I'm actually getting for this 500? >> Oh, yeah. So pretty much Yeah, and I always I used to >> spending $500 and then know move on to the >> Yeah, never hear from me. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Well, yeah, I can give you I can give you my address. So, if that happens, you can burn my house down or send an airstrike. >> Oh, I'd never Yeah, yeah. It just sounds like you're trying trying to get away. You're Minnesota, right? Is that >> Yeah, Minnesota. Well, I'm I'm doing myself a Austin. So, I'm I'm going to Austin. So, I'm >> Yeah, you should come to Houston. >> I really do that. Yeah, and all my I'm excited. I think it'll be really really I've heard really good things. >> It's great. It's a great It's a great town, especially for I mean young people like you. So, it's It's It'll be really fun. So, lots of live music if you like live music. So, >> Oh, yeah. >> Um So, okay. So, I need to So, you're going to send me um >> Yeah, you can put it together. I I mean, I can even pull it put it together like super quick. It's It's very very simple. Just kind of talking deliverables and stuff. But, this will be our I can just kind of give you an outline. It'll be What I'll do immediately, I'll send you over the onboarding forms. I'll have you fill that out. Immediately once you once you send that in, fill that out, I'll start working on your scripts, get those to you within the next I would say next three or four days, by next Monday. You can shoot those videos whenever and I'll by the time you're good to go within the next three, four, whatever how many weeks, all the stuff will will will already be set up on the back end. >> Okay. And so, is there um this Do would I download them into my own like teleprompter app or how are people shooting these videos? >> teleprompter app, yeah. >> Okay. Okay. And then >> I step-by-step instructions in the scripts as well. >> Okay, perfect. Is that Is that how other agents are shooting theirs? >> Oh, yeah, just with the teleprompter, yeah. And then this this 612 is well, that's my mobile number. So, you can just go and shoot me a message whenever, too. Whenever you do have questions about anything. >> Did you >> everything over. Oh, am I on? Oh, that Okay, so let me just check. Um Okay, got it. I'm going to save. Give me just a second. Oh, it says maybe Noah. >> And then it just said I think I was trying to get a notification. It said transaction failed. >> Yeah, yeah, I just I have to I just moved money over into that account, so >> Okay. >> I'm going to redo it. That's what I was doing on my phone, so I can >> So yeah, just save the the maybe Noah. >> Yeah. >> [clears throat] >> Just Just in case. Okay, so why does it say I don't want to add a password? Okay, so it went through. >> So hopefully you guys enjoyed that sales call, got some value from that, took some notes, and some takeaways from that. You can see it's nothing crazy as well. I'm not perfect by any means at sales, but you can go see like what a what it looks like when you have a proper process in place. And I'm like I'm no expert by any means on sales. But yeah, I mean, if you guys are like enjoying this video so far, and you feel like with your agency, if you had systems step-by-step to go out and follow that you'd be able to go out and scale, and you would have no problem actually putting in the work. It's just a matter of you need to know what to go out and do. That was like my exact situation when I started. I know that's the situation of a lot of people that I speak with. If you just want to scale your agency as quick as possible, you're tired of just going in circles, churning clients, maybe you can't even book appointments, or you do book appointments and they don't show up. If you're tired of just going in circles, and you want to just have a step-by-step road map to go out and follow from something that's already proven, I'm opening up a couple spots to work with me directly one-on-one. Not some generic like course that you go through that a lot of people are selling you, but straight-up one-on-one, 24/7 support on my end, weekly calls, all that. If you guys are interested in that, and you want to apply for one of those spots I'm opening up, click below, first link in the description, and you can book a call with me directly, where we'll walk through your agency, diagnose the bottlenecks, and see if and see what would be the best fit for you at this stage and put a roadmap together to help you scale. That's the first thing in the description. But, once you actually have your clients, I want to finish this up, is you actually need to go out and deliver the service. This is something so many people don't talk about. Everyone just talks about booking appointments, acquisition, just signing clients cuz that's the sexy part, right? They want to show you the the Stripe screenshots. Nobody wants to talk about actually getting your clients results. And they go and say results. Like, what do you mean results? This is what clients This is what keeps clients though paying month after month, and this is what creates a sustainable business. Cuz if you're churning clients every single month, is that really a business? Or that that's literally just a a money machine that you just end up scamming that it breaks, right? And the reason most agencies lose clients within a month or 2 months or 3 months isn't because the ads don't work, it's because there's not a actual system behind the ads. Well, getting leads for clients is not the hard part, but the thing is getting leads is not what the clients want. What they want is an experience. And the thing is, to create that experience, you need to have systems. So, like, they're delivering all this stuff manually, slow to follow up, the client feels like nothing's happening. Even if you're doing all this work, your client still might end up churning and you think you're getting them good results cuz the client doesn't feel like they're having a premium experience. So, here's the actual setup that you can go and replicate to give you an idea. So, you're going to do your Facebook or Google Ads. I've done Facebook Ads, Google Ads, YouTube Ads. I would start with Facebook. You can go to this as as you get more advanced. Um pretty much what you're going to go and do is just find proven ads in the ad library and you want to copy what's already working and then make AI-generated ad copy variations. Now, I want to show you guys something. For all the guys in my that I work with one-on-one, I have swipe files on pretty much every niche with the actual ad copy, image ads, landing pages, video ads, everything that they can go and copy step-by-step. But, you want to go and make a swipe file and have this for a lot of different niches as well as you can go and see it. But, you want to have a swipe file in your niche to be able to go and find all these winning ads. So, whenever you go and need new ads, you can go and just use ChatGPT, use Claude to go make variations for you of the ad, the ad copy, video ads, landing pages, all that stuff. Next is the AI booking bot. So, once a lead comes in, you want to have this bot reply and you want to have automations going out. So, what this looks like is basically someone submits a form, that's the trigger, and then you get it, you send your clients internal notifications. After that though, what you want to go and do is you want to have this this initial new lead SMS sequence. This is all through GoHighLevel. In here, basically form, the trigger is form submitted, you send out SMS right away, something like, "Hey, you successfully submitted an application for a free roof estimate." Then you put in information here, wait 2 minutes, "Hey, this is John, are you free for a quick call?" And then you have the AI chatbot and stuff kick in to ask some questions to continue to qualify them by getting their address, their timeline to to get the new roof replaced, all that sort of stuff. So, these two kind of go hand in hand, but when you integrate these together, think about if if you can get your this business owner an extra, let's say, five to six appointments a month, and they're paying you $100 per appointment cuz again, our offer that we made, we're doing 100 bucks per appointment, that's an extra $500 a month that you would have otherwise lost out on if you didn't have these things in place. And the thing is, you set this up once and it just runs for you. And then along with that as well, you can go and do a Google review campaign, which you go and send this out in GoHighLevel. It it it's something like this, Google review campaign. You you send this out, you mass This is a mass SMS, and it's something like, "Hey, name you include" Obviously, this fills in their name. "Hey, name, um I hope you're doing really well. Just curious if you'd be open to leaving a quick five-star review to help me out. It be massively appreciated and I'll also enter you into a raffle to earn a $100 Amazon gift card for free. Send out something like this, I guarantee you're going to get the business owner. Depends how many past clients they have, but you send this out, Google review to past clients, you send this out to all their past clients, you get a list, and it's just something super simple like this. And you don't need to mention the raffle or something. I personally would, but there's no reason not to, because more reviews are going to lower ad costs, you end up getting a better ROI. More importantly, the client's just happier. Think about even if you're getting your clients like not a ton of leads, but all of a sudden they have 100 new reviews come in, it's like they're going to be happy with that, cuz that's going to end up making them a lot of money just from that. So, it's finding all these little things So, it's finding all these little things that you can go and do, but along with that, something that other that like you need to also think about is client communication. So, it's not all just about the tangible stuff, but it's about the communication. Like I just got off a sales call with these real estate agents, and their biggest thing was the communication with their other companies. That was the biggest thing. Like their leads and stuff were were fine, they weren't great, but the thing they hated the most was the communication, the lack of communication. Right? So, that's that's always again going to be the biggest thing. You can have all this stuff in place, and you should, but you need to have systems and stuff to communicate with clients, which is why I put a massive emphasis on that as well, which I can make a separate video on that. But, that's pretty much the step of it, and then it's just repeating the process. So, then now I'll just break it down the math so you can see how this is actually going to translate to doing $10,000 a month, cuz obviously that's the whole point of this is we're charging $2,000 to $2,500 a month. And again, this doesn't all need to be up front. This can be some on the back end from the results you're getting your clients. Cuz if you follow the stuff I give you, you will get your clients results. You're doing 100 cold calls a day, maybe 50 to 100 cold calls a day if you have time. Otherwise, you're just blasting SMS. Like you don't need to do both of these. I would definitely do SMS. So, that's definitely the route to go. You have one niche, you have one offer. And we went through the niche, went through the offer, and you literally just repeat that. This is a 30-to-60-day sprint. 1 to 2 months. You don't need to take a year to hit 10K a month. For me, I think it took me 6 months to hit my first 10K month. Whereas, other people like I know I could I Whereas, if I knew what I did now and I would and I had this road map to follow and I had a blueprint like this, I could have done it in literally 1 or 2 months, which is what you can realistically do it in if you're genuinely taking action on all this stuff. But, obviously, it's easier said than done. It's a lot I'm not trying to make it seem like it's simple, like it's a cakewalk. It definitely is tough. Here's like a lot of the the the main things that I've seen kill the speed run when you are trying to make 10K a month as quick as possible. Number one is you're doing a bunch of niche hopping. You're trying out different niches every 2 weeks because it feels saturated. You're not booking appointments. The reason you're not booking appointments is because you're simply not good at it. It is that simple. Every single niche works. And if you pick one of the one of the ones that I showed you, all those niches work. If your niche isn't working for you, do you think it's the niche? But, there's all these other people making a millions of dollars. Do you think it's you? Right? Just think about that. So, niche hopping is the absolute worst thing. I think that's the reason I've been so successful is I've literally stuck with one thing, haven't changed at all. I thought about it, but I haven't changed. Number two is just doing low volume. You're doing 15 cold SMS a day, and then you're saying, "Oh, cold SMS doesn't work. Let me try cold email." Bro, do you think Michael Jordan shot 15 free throws and then said, "Oh, free throws don't work." No one You can't make this many free throws. No, he shot up tens, 20, 30,000 free throws. More than that, I bet. So, you how are you going to expect to get those results by doing these these these tiny inputs? You can't expect massive outputs by putting in tiny inputs, at least in the beginning. Once you get better, then you create leverage and you have systems and stuff. That's when you want to scale to 50k a month plus. But, this is heading your first 10k a month. So, you need to be doing volume. And then third is you're just waiting to be ready. You're wa- you're watching YouTube videos like this not taking action. You're waiting for a website. You're waiting for an LLC. You do not need any of that stuff. I literally just gave you everything you need. If you still feel like you don't know what to do after watching this, then you need to get out of your own head and just go and take action cuz I literally just gave you every single step. It's not going to start out perfect. It's never going to be perfect. But, also it's never going to be on on track to be perfect if you don't start. Imperfect action is better than perfect inaction. Think about that. Imperfect action is better than perfect inaction. So, it's really all about just starting and not just waiting to be ready. And again, I literally gave you everything. So, like you guys can go and watch this. You guys should like save this video, like the video, come back to it, follow along. I want to know how you guys are doing in the comments below. But, I literally gave you everything. There's two types of people. One is the person who's actually going to go and implement, which those are the guys who are actually going to be successful. Or person two who watches this and they just keeps watching videos cuz they feel like they're being productive. They're taking notes, but they're not actually moving the needle. Then 6 months later, you're in the same spot that you are today. Those people like there's going to be a lot of people like that. But, for the 5 to 10% of you who are genuinely serious about making this work, like go take action on this. And if you want to work with me directly as well to have me just go set this up. Again, I am opening a couple spots in my one-on-one if you want to work with me one-on-one directly, but only if you're serious and genuinely know you're going to put in the work. If you're not going to put in the work, I don't It's it's a waste of both of our time. But, if you know for a fact that you're going to put in the work, you just need to step-by-step roadmap to follow. Well, think think like this, but 20 times more in depth and also just specific to you with the exact things to say, but also all the updated nuances to this as well. And also have me review your sales calls. All that sort of stuff as well. I don't want to talk about it too much cuz a lot of you guys are not would be not the best fit for it right now. But, that sounds like you at all. It's like the for the small percentage of you, click below, apply to work with me again, we'll jump on a call, put together a full road map to help you scale. Other than that though, again, I gave you guys literally everything. What you do next is completely up to you, so please please don't be the person who watches this and doesn't do anything. Take action one way or another, and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.
